Act 1 has failed. Failed! Julia rounded up a quick mercenary team to strike at the HSSR's black heart, with heavy machine guns and more ammo than she thought she'd ever need. Far too much ammo! Instead Garcia and his numberless hordes smash against her guns, much like the Venezuelan army - and Garcia's lab kids have developed primitive but effective muzzle-loading cannon. After a gun battle giving off so much heat the surrounding forest ignites, Julia retires in disarray.

She's itching for a rematch, figuring that if she captures and commandeers the entire munitions output of a small country, she'd return and knock Garcia for six. News reaches her and Adriana and Park Privilege of Garcia's hordes overrunning Venezuela's armies, fuelled of course by Sanchez's good work in getting the new plantation output jacked up, but they don't know Sanchez's role just yet. The news shows Sanchez's plantations. And animal cities. What few drones are able to get through the vast blanketing air barriers of suddenly hostile bird life snap tantalising pics of animals of all species _not_ attacking and killing each other, but instead tending endless, trillion-coca-plant fields. And huge pictures of hippo Stalin all over the place. And animal armies. Mighty animal armies. Attacking in their millions! Billions! Emu wars! Invoke! Vast machine gun batteries just aren't going to work. 

Or at least it's far more work, than, say ... a cultural attack? Blue jeans and rock and roll! If hard power don't work, be more subtle. That's what history teaches us. But how?

Julia's moping. She wants to be alone, to recharge her batteries a bit. She gets her usual gin and puts on a porno, something from her personal wank bank. Something tasteful, yo. _Groupsex_. Not "Group sex", mind you, _Groupsex_. - Invoking "groupthink". it's one of those big elaborate ones with an actual plot - this one follows the exploits of a particularly powerful and vocal fundie megachurch, crammed with foaming-at-the-mouth diehard homophobes - and a good half are closet gays. Ten thousand each think they're the only homo in a sea of phobes. It's set in sort-of medieval times, and the plot involves the church literally laying siege to a gay stronghold, _Oglaf_-style, and during the months-long encounter, one after another of the main characters nip across the no-man's land in the dead of night for a bit of nookie.

Re the previous failure, Julia feels nonplussed, she feels at an impasse. She watches the porno, its usual magic deadened by the defeat weighing on her mind, inducing only a pale ghost of her usual happy squirm. So where to from here? Great big fucking gun batteries, although incredible fun and a bit deafening, just aren't going to work. She feels down.

The plot advances. Underground gay sex rings spring up, much like what happened in the Vatican but groovier and adultish and actually consensual, other members stumble across heartfelt friends in it, some panic, most change their minds about it. But only privately - amongst the megachurch public front, groupthink prevails.

More private orgies. Fun ones! Mm, _now_ I'm liking this scene! Feeling all squirmy already. *sip* Aah. Feeling swimmy too. _Nicely_ sozzled. Just look at 'em! Final porno act - hundreds secretly abandon their posts on the fortifications around the gay stronghold at once, late at night, each thinking they're slipping away by themselves, to join the grand high orgy taking place in the besieged capital, burlesque masks, no-one can see each other's faces.

Her professional mind still churns. A headshot will take down any animal - but when their heads are the size of a goddamn pea, how much ammo is wasted bringing just one down? It's the swarm-of-bees approach, the Mongol Horde approach. You need to hit every soldier at once. Not with bullets, we've established that. How about the cultural angle? Minds-and-hearts?

*sip* Ooh yeah, you work that. [Invoke that Lara Croft Tantalism parody, when she's tied up and feeling overwhelmed, that raw overwhelming rush of sexual energy, make Julia experience that and love it] Climax act - everyone gets into a huge orgy, whip off their masks at once, the entire the phobe church is there at once - and - turns out there were never any Cockthirsts! Every single Cockthirst member is a clandestine Agenda member. Collective heart attacks, collective recriminations, collective reconciliation, collective love and grooviness-!

*Applauds-Zzzz* (dead tired from exertions, from physical/mental fatigue)

She wakes up many hours later, with a head full of cement and her eyes crusted over and with a great big elaborate plan snapping into place with precise clarity.

She had a thought. A dangerous, delicious thought.

We'll make a porn film. 

Our very own porn film.

It's going to be massive. Elaborate. And Communist.

We all saw that huge bastard driving his hordes against our guns with whips and abuse. Slaves! They don't want to be there!

They love their Stalin displays there, don't they? Their own propaganda? It's their cornerstone! Their backbone. 

So we're going to out-propaganda them, a thousand times over. We're going to overwhelm their own malformed ideas of Stalin. They think he's a _hippo_ for God's sake, they can't be that informed about him.

They think he's an iron tyrant. They think he's the alpha-est hippo ever to have lived.

We'll show them one better. We'll show him as having an outward aggression carapace steely enough to crush anything, yet inwardly pragmatic and savvy and intelligent enough to be a Soviet leader, and even more inwardly quite emotionally vulneraable. His arc will involve being swayed by the glorious wonders of the outside world, realising his pike-wall approach does nothing but induce the same in his enemies, Batman vs. Joker, becoming the grooviest, most peacenik, lovey-dovey hippie in existence, and winning the world's acclaim.

Lincoln quote: "If I befriend my enemy, have I not destroyed him?"

Danilo and assorted Park Privilege guests: "You're mad! Anti-Communist porn will never topple them."

Julia: "Oh yeah? Watch this." She "finds" a few real Communists and Does Things to them. Within minutes they're following her around like lovestruck puppies.

"Very well. Make your film."

Minor plots: we'll reveal that every major character has an outward steel crust, concealing emotional tenderness, and as the plot goes on, one by one their armour falls away and they all recognise themselves in each other, (whilst _in_ each other, hurr hurr). At the climax, hurr hurr again, everyone's emotional masks get stripped away by some as yet undetermined yet gigantic cause*, everyone realises that everyone else's spikiness exists for the same reason as their own.

*Recall that Canadian blizzard trapping the Canadian and Russian politicians in a remote hut - it stripped away their bravado veneers and the Russkies admitted serious problems with the '80s Soviet Union, and finally both parties felt like they could make progress. Same deal here? Something huge pressuring everyone at once? Lock Hitler, Stalin, Molotov, plus assorted hangers-on in a big room, threaten doom, and watch 'em go?

Julia feels her cement hangover, and all her aches and pains, fall away as if by magic, as happy purpose glows from her once more. Ohh yes! This is what it's all about, baby! She stampedes from her Park Privilege hotel suite, ruffling hotel feathers, charging off to the local airport to round up a few mates. I know just the people to help.

----

Actors and relevant personae: a few conventional yet world-class porn actors and actresses from LA; a trio of friends competing in the world finals of lifting vast weights with her vagina muscles; a few zookeepers with the randiest real, unAwakened hippos in existence; a few military historians to provide accurate info on Stalin's actual shenanigans (and why not contact Margaret for this? Could she be an actual character here? Providing feedback on the hippo porno?); roboticists to help build hippo mechs.

One reason for having unAwakened hippos is to subtly convey the idea to the HSSR's inhabitants that their special cocaine is a mundane utility outside its borders, and not at all the vengeance weapon Garcia is hellbent on portraying it as. Bits of the plot can involve Awakening these hippos - and we can show the 20-30 second imprint window and its effects.

Park staff pour scorn on the idea. What, a porno bringing the HSSR to its knees? Nonsense! What are you smoking, silly woman? The more conservative types start foaming at the mouth, just about, at the perversion this horrid woman is bringing to our Park. It's bad enough the youngsters destroy themselves with coke in our presence, but this? More moderate types don't have a visceral disgust reaction, but nevertheless poo-poo the whole idea. (Youtube clip to _Blackadder Goes Forth_ Melchett poo-poo speech?)

So. Planning begins. The denizens of the HSSR believe Stalin is a hippo, Garcia included - the first hippos discovered quite a lot of the Communist Manifesto and other Commie writings, discovered Stalin and his works, but as most real-life writings tend to be ambiguous about the author's species, they thought he's a hippo too.

At some point in the plot Garcia discovers the truth, and it shakes him to his core. Maybe Sanchez could discover this? He's shocked but not existentially so, being more moderate and flexible than Garcia, then informs Garcia, and Garcia violently disagrees, widening the gulf between the two.

Note: the hippos, right from the start, haven't got a clue about Earth's species distribution. All they know is their own zoo/lab cages, and are vaguely aware of some sort of outside world visible beyond. It's only when large numbers of Danilo's reinforcements pour in that they realise how big the outside world may well be. They ransack what remains of the library and glean all they can, which isn't much, but offers tantalising clues. A whole world! Who knows _what_ delights and/or horrors exist on other continents? Express interrogation of local animal species reveals bits and pieces about Humans and Capitalists and suchlike.

So all the main characters are hippos. Played by human porn stars, wearing robotic hippo suits. Portraying Stalin and associated cast members. Julia insists on playing Stalin. It's fun!

It's going to be a porno epic, this. No silly old hi-I'm-the-plumber-can-I-check-your-pipes-fuck-fuck-fuck-cum-roll-credits infantile bullshit here. This is porn on a truly grand scale.

Julia, pre-production: "See, the goal here is to be the best cultural-attack porno ever, _and_ the best Capitalist propaganda film ever. If we're to convince our Commie audience that state Communism just doesn't work - if we want to be right _and_ convincing - we can't show Commies as dickheads. We have to show the average man/woman on the Moscow streets as a good person, a noble person, doing their best, just labouring under an inefficient system.

"Same with the Nazis. Groovy people; groovy system. All that differs is the ideology!

"And of course, same with the HSSR. That's the whole point of the film. That's our message."

Observer: "So why Nazis? They weren't capitalist, they were fascist!"

J: "Two reasons. One, the HSSR is a bit light on worldly info about non-Commie stuff - they don't know Hitler was fascist, so we can ignore messy reality and portray him and his boys as groovy capitalists. We're picking the USSR's greatest ever threat to parody, rather than the greatest ever capitalist threat. Bigger sample size. Second, consider that huge bastard Garcia actually discovering the truth about Hitler. He'd probably love the guy, and deify him like he has Stalin. If we can dirty the communal info-water with our capitalist bullshit, we can nip that in the bud."

Thoughts on how to roll this out over the main story: during Julia's ideas storm, preparation, pre-, during- and post-production, we don't show the entire film's plot from beginning to end, not yet. We drop tantalising tidbits throughout, great standalone gags and others' reactions to them, much like a film trailer. The porno as a whole, we can watch as it's being played to the HSSR and Garcia and Sanchez in particular, so we can react to the entire plot and its ramifications at the same time as they do.

----

Plot!

It's the height of WW2. Stalin is using the Soviet Union as a clumsy blunt instrument, smashing the oncoming Wehrmacht hordes over the head, blunting their attacks with hellish carnage, killing Nazis in their millions while losing Soviets in their millions also. The bloodiest attrition in history.

Stalin is holding council in his offices in the Kremlin, his most senior and most trusted hippos lining a long table crammed with military maps. The mood is black, the mood is tense, the air is practically solid with greasy tension. He and his senior staff are meeting in the Stalingrad aftermath; the Kursk offensive is in the opening stages of kicking off. We Soviets are, for the first time in the entire war, meeting the horrible Nazi onslaught head-on! At long last we are strong enough to not be knocked sideways by their might! We're smashing Nazis left and right, raining awful ruin on them; but everything hangs in the balance.

We dealt the Nazis a savage blow at Stalingrad; finally we encircled one of their armies just how they encircled so many of ours; we've lost so many millions of our brave boys in their hellish encirclements and at last we've given them a taste of the same! It's '43 and they're back for more, plowing headlong into our ranks. Savage, vicious war. We-happy-few-we-band-of-brothers, all that stuff.

After the meeting, Stalin invites Vyacheslav Molotov to his private offices. The two senior statesmen show stern dignity - until the inner door closes, they're alone - and Molotov sweeps Stalin off his feet in a thorough kiss. The two are lovers! Afterward, Stalin pours his heart out, he is tender and vulnerable and wishes nothing more than delicate pillow talk, anything to repair his emotional armour. He hates this war, hates being this aggressive, hates putting on this dominance front, and loves being able to vent frustrations like this. Molotov is sympathetic and tactful but pushes, in Stalin's tender opinion, a little too hard - they quarrel, Stalin stamps off in a huff, emotionally hurt, and channels his frustrations into whipping his own mighty generals into ever more violent exhortations.

Hitler is coming! Hitler is terrifying! Stalin inwardly quakes. He thinks over Hitler's aggro over the years. Ever since his rise to power in '33, he's been raising havoc, crushing central European countries - Austria, Czechoslovakia, Poland, France, Denmark, Norway - dominates one after another. And now the Soviet Union! The thought makes Stalin's innards quease with nervous tension. His hind legs shake and he has to sit down. His guts churn with dread, and - he can see senior generals about to enter his outer offices - oh god, duty calls - and he snaps in place a steely-determined facial facade just in time. They visibly quail at his glare. A few of them feel their jaws and steel teeth, where his NKVD torturers pulled their real ones. Stalin's facade in action. Steel hippo molars are quite a sight. Stalin barely suppresses a shudder at seeing them, and curses the world for being a place where he feels forced to order such things done. Why can't we just get along? Seriously?

Instead of the yearly ebb and flow of global temperatures, we have mating seasons. Instead of the Russian winters taking their toll on attackers, we have sex casualties. Otherwise steadfast soldiers lose their heads and rut anything that moves.

Instead of General Winter, we have General Horny.

Stalin is outwardly ferocious and adamant that the Kursk offensive will be crushed and end on Soviet terms and Soviet advantage, and fast, for the hippo mating season is almost upon us. Some of the more susceptible hippos in Stalin's Cabinet are already showing signs of the Horn overcoming them; Stalin's overpowering personal charisma bests this. His aura of influence is strong indeed.

Julia plays Stalin, of course. She can't resist winking at the camera.

Between meeting sessions, he and Molotov fog the windows with steamy lovemaking. At one point Beria and - [choose another two senior Soviet goons] - burst in on them, Stalin and Molotov think the jig's up - but turns out the intruder trio were just looking for a quiet corner for their own intimate threesome, for they are in the same boat as the first two. The underground spreads.

Hitler plots. Hitler plans. Hitler broods. Hitler throbs with outwardly violent ambition. Hitler has his own staff and meetings, and he and his mates are also all hippos. They wish to expand East; they want their _lebensraum_; Hitler wishes to gobble up the succulent grassland for the equine Germanics, deny them to the Asiatic* Russkies, dominate the Asias and its hippo peoples, as Germany's own colonies. Black Forest is poor hippo fare indeed; hard country breeds hard men, but soft country is so often wealthy country. And it will be ours.

Hitler harbours the same cavernous insecurities Stalin does, of course, but we don't show that yet. Not until the porno climax.

Snippet to add at some point: ("The mighty Mongol Hordes of old, hard-as-nails tribal hippos roared out from the central steppes in their hundreds of thousands, the hard smelter of their upbringing allowing them to overrun the Songhai, uproot them like so many weak saplings, yet once they consolidated their conquests, the Mongol city garrisons became weak from the city fleshpots too. Khan instituted a six-month rotation, keeping the garrisoned cavalry on their toes, so his war machine could once more sweep across Asia on their hardy wee ponies, smashing Samarkand, Persia, Baghdad-"

"-Hippos riding ponies? A tenth their size?"

"Ah shit, I was going to patch up that bit of the script, but forgot! Never mind, fix it in post!")

Hitler also has an aura of influence, just like Julia's Stalin.

Snippet to add at some point: ("Succulent Russian grassland? It's frozen tundra half the year and baking desert the other half!"

"Hush you, our audience don't know that - and we've already made all the dramatis personae hippos, we can change a few other things too. Besides, we're filming this damn near the equator, where are we going to find real tundra round these parts?"

"Point. Film away, then!")

Hitler too is adamant that Kursk be concluded on Nazi terms; that the Wehrmacht will smash the Soviet defenses head-on, and equally fast, before General Horny takes her heady toll.

Kursk kicks off. The forward Soviet artillery crews rain chemical death on the oncoming Wehrmacht. Sex pheromones! The vast hippo-made panzers don't get affected all that much; foot soldiers get ruffled mightily by it. They stampede! The advance bogs down. Wehrmacht start firing off artillery of their own; the battlefield rapidly descends into chaos.

The Night Witches start doing their thing, flying light aircraft over trenches and dropping more bombs, a hell of a feat for a hippo. Female hippos, more to the point. Lighter. General Horny starts working in earnest, and more than a few of the Witches start being brought down by German soldiers doing some sort of rugby lineout and throwing some of their number airward and snagging them. Other Night Witch aircraft drop so many bombs, and cause so much chemical carnage that they get caught in their bombs' own updraughts - the cocktails start hitting the pilots, and they deliberately crash-land right next to squads of sexy-looking male hippos, who are flexing muscles and winking up at them, for that very reason. Quite a few lady hippos are doing similar stuff, coaxing down the airborne beauties.

Both armies have more or less equal numbers of males and females. Even though Army policy for both sides is to equip one's own soldiers with chastity belts when General Horny descends, this is still far from perfect. The battle is at its height and all is chaos, there's no progress anywhere, both sides are bedlam.

Both Hitler and Stalin must act. They must intervene personally if the day is to be won, use their personal auras to galvanise their troops into bloody action, just like Napoleon's personal presence being equal to 40,000 French musketeers.

They both bring their personal crack bodyguards of 300 asexual hippos each, like the Spartans of old. Libido and thus sexual identity exists on a spectrum, you understand. You get some individuals at either end. And with General Horny taking its awful toll on both sides, the less libido any one individual has, the less susceptible he or she will be to it. It follows that the best, most effective crack troops will be disproportionately asexual, able to function in situations where the smog of sexuality reduces the fighting capability of a conventionally strong army to zero.

Stalin makes his way to Kursk, double lively. He is borne on a litter of strong, defiant hippos; proud Communists to the last man and woman, with his asexual bodyguard marching behind. They march through proud, old, formerly lush Russian steppe grassland. It's virtually stripped bare for the war effort, every last calorie uprooted for our boys in red. Large bodies of Commie hippos tend it as best they can, hollow-cheeked, ribs like slats, and when Stalin and his command aura arrive, they're doing their damndest to be the stalwart nobility all can see in the propaganda posters on every wall. Work gangs of captured German soldiers struggle in irons, ploughing threadbare fields too soil-exhausted for a decent crop. Good people! He feels awful.

Seeing Stalin, a few prisoners throw down their tools and shout abuse at him. They're tanned and despite being on prisoner starvation rations, have the sort of slight chubbiness that comes from eating too-rich food for years on end. NKVD guards shoot them on the spot, bang bang. Stalin feels pretty awful. They look like good people! Curse this war. 

Workers cluster around him for news from the front, he belts out one of his speeches, he has no choice, the Revolution is too important for his insecurities, he feels wretched. It's the usual stuff, unity, strength, make Revolution; it gets a huge cheer. It's like a hole sucking at his heart. Even raunchy steamy make-up sex with Molotov and the others, in the private litter doesn't make him feel better, although the pillow talk ain't half bad. He spills out his frustrations. Molotov does his damndest to be supportive, but it ain't easy!

Same deal as before - more colleagues stumble in on them, also looking for a private nookie corner, pennies drop, more join the collusion. As before, everyone's doing it because they too hate putting on this groupthink aggression facade, at some point supported the war, now feel its price is too high, but feel terrified that if they protest they'll get shot. Stalin feels better at his private universe of intimates widening, and sad that so many feel this way.

The privates' numbers are getting high enough such that if all declare "war over" at once, they could sway the remainder of the war cabinet. Several plead with Stalin to do just that, but his guts churn at the thought.

Kursk itself. Even when Stalin is within 30km of the front lines, it's chaos. Million-bed hospitals are stuffed with wounded and dying. Vast smog clouds from the chemical gas attacks waft everywhere. He can feel an involuntary erection kicking off. Ugh. He starts fantasising about having some sort of hippie commune where all may have the best sex they please, emotional connections as well as physical ones. He can feel his Authority mask slipping, and honestly isn't sure if he cares any more. Near half my cabinet collude with me, why keep lying?

As the smog clouds roll over the hospitals, it's like the Hospital shots in the Monty Python Funniest Joke In The World sketch, but instead of bandaged cripples rolling out of bed and laughing themselves to death, it's bandaged hippo cripples rolling out of bed and fucking each other in a mad sex-frenzy.

"At least let me die happy!" goes the cry.

Command tent. Assorted generals and senior staff overseeing the entire battle, most wearing gas masks and still at full woody mast nonetheless, run up to Stalin. "Thank god you're here! A massed body of Wehrmacht stormtroopers are staying in formation, regardless of what we throw at them - gas attacks do nothing, our best assaults break on them, _someone_ in their midst, with one hell of a command aura! The only person we have who could possibly match it is you, Comrade Stalin! This way!"

The generals lead Stalin and his war cabinet from their tent. In his rear vision he can see them bickering. On the tent's far side, some hundred thousand Red Army hippos are shouldering rifles and clambering into fresh tanks, ready for another attempt at counter-charging the oncoming horde, just visible some kilomtres away on the grassy plain before them. Despite the Order 216 (was that the number? Google it) machine guns behind them, ragged groups keep trying to break away, rather braving their own guns than face certain doom -

That is, until Stalin shows up. He can see the entire tidal wave, the packed mass of hippodom, before him, see him, the ripple of shocked realisation that their deity has joined them, wash out in a big wave, and as one, his command aura takes hold, a million bayonets stab the sky as they all cheer at once. "STALIN!" He feels a heady wave of wretched frenzy flow through him. Still, duty is duty - "Follow me, my comrades!" he bellows. They cheer again and form a massive bayonet wall, all of twenty kilometres of end to end. Another forms up behind them, and another, and another. They advance to meet the oncoming storm.

Stalin takes his place, centre right, flanked by his cabinet and their assorted bodyguards. As one, the cabinet scuttle towards him, Molotov orders the bodyguard to surround them for privacy, facing out - "Seriously, we need to talk, right now," says Molotov, "_all_ of us, turns out, are in the same boat - lovers, hate war, we never needed to convince the other half of the cabinet - call this off, there's still time!"

Stalin gibbers. "Yes, but - we can't! Why? That's why!" He points with trembling arm at-

Wehrmacht artillery crashes a million iron greetings. Advance. Soviet artillery roars a reply. Advance. Chemical smog, visibility nil, the armies plough right into each other.

Chaos. Stalin can barely keep his bodyguard halo around him as confused bands of Soviet and Wehrmacht hippos blunder through the aerial soup, this way and that, the overlapping command halos of Stalin himself and his assailant plundering the heart and loins of hippos everywhere -

-Stalin's on the verge of a nervous breakdown, vomiting with dread-

-From the mist crashes a bodyguard twin, asexual SS troops blundering in their dark quadruped uniforms, bleating and howling in panic, trying to conceal a certain toothbrush-moustached core-

Stalin's heart lurches. The Enemy-! The Aggressor, it's him, he's here, the dread of all good Soviets, here to crush me once and for all-! He finds his feet frozen to the ground, dread has conquered him, his erection finally flops down, at least that's a relief, with a massive effort he tries to urge his leaden limbs into a panic-dash back-

From the Germanic bodyguard ahead comes a bleat - "Noo! Help! Save me from the Stalin! Years of pre-emptive defence, all for nothing, the tyrant has come at last-"

He freezes again, the mountain of crippling fear dissolving. Epiphany crashes through Stalin. _He_ fears _me_? What...? I recognise those tones of voice! I've squealed like that myself! Many many times! So does half my cabinet! And - Hitler too? Hitler too! The crushing division weighing over him for so long falls away like gossamer, replaced with an astounding heady clarity, sparkling with energy, coursing through his soul like nothing before - I wish for nothing but peace, so does my cabinet, so does my - most implacable enemy -

Heady relief billows through him, roars through his heart. "No! Wait!" he shouts, and bounds towards the toothbrushed hippo dimly visible in the smog before him. "It's okay!" His entire bodyguard follow, uncertain at their leader's benevolence.

Squeals from ahead. "He'll kill us all" bleats over the battle din.

Stalin musters all his might. "No! _No!_ I come in peace!" he roars like never before.

The battle cacophany drops to silence. "Wh- what?"

"It doesn't have to be this way!" Stalin shouts. He waves forelegs in supplication and bounds through the melee crush around him, in Hitler's direction. "Please! Listen to me-"

Hitler peeks his head up from behind a row of asexual bodyguards, growling at Stalin's approach. "You - you aren't going to kill me?"

"No! Never! I thought - I thought - that you_ wanted _me_ dead!"

Hitler's mouth drops open. His face phases through several shades of white, red, green and pink. Then he threw his head back and roared with relieved laughter.

Stalin joins in. Hitler advances from his bodyguard, hand extended to shake Stalin's in brotherly love. They get within a few centimetres before Garcia's first forward shell barrages land. He, along with the entire HSSR, have been watching the entire porno live. He's been mustering his Park Privilege invasion force, he's just now watching the unity-shattering effect this thing is having on the groovier parts of HSSR society, he's furious, his Authority set is having a hell of a time putting a lid on it all, and he's coming to strike at the source once and for all.