We're charging towards the climax. Tensions are high! Serious shit is going down. 

Garcia is furious.

He has gone into a rage state, even more than usual. Once bombastic and snarley-cheer, Julia's best-evar-porno has enraged him. Not simply because he considers it a desecration of all things noble and Communist, not at all - that too, but also because large sections of HSSR society are tickled pink with it, they think it's hilarious! The bohemian, groovy set, chaotic and mindful and love their sexytimes, and they do so grate on Garcia's wick. Sections of his power base are peeling away, the ground on which he stands is far less sturdy than he's thought. He and his Authority set detest the free-love pinkos - and pinkos, not in the Western use of the word where we mean someone sliding _towards_ Communism, but he means someone sliding _away_ from it. Failing the purity test! We must (1) crush the black heart of the Capitalist inurgence! Quick, full-scale invasion of Park Privilege, smash those fucks head-on. And (2) meanwhile, my god, Stalin had a few things to say on purging the disloyal, did he not? Begin the Great Terror. 

Sanchez is torn.

The HSSR construction schemes are going amazingly. More Product is produced per unit area of plantation than ever before. He's consumed with the mad thrill of creation, of harnessing the power of complex systems, of the turbines of civilization. The groovier bits of HSSR society keep throwing parties in his honour. Amazing parties. Parties peopled mostly by the monied upper class, precious few workers' parties, because...

Garcia's military demands on the HSSR's economic machine grow ever more gigantic. Sanchez is pained at Garcia's determination to bend the HSSR into a war-waging gigafactory. Channel later-stages-of-WW1 Germany. Garcia's bleeding the infant HSSR white to smash all things Capitalist. Denying funding to breadlines, conscripting beggars, lots of stuff, animal-wave assaults, horrific casualties, although over the course of the story, Garcia's becoming ever more brutally skilled at using them - genius combined arms tactics.

Sanchez is rather taken with Julia and her brand of anarchic jollies. The HSSR, right from the start, has always been about stern authority, banding together, about unity, about giving your all against the onslaught of our common foe, we _have_ to stand together lest we perish. Humour and satire don't have much of a place, at least not at first. As it gets bigger it's loosening up. Julia's porno is like rain in the desert. And Garcia notices it. And he suspects. His stormtroopers are sharpening their knives and whispering in his ear. Is Sanchez the ringleader? Must he be Purged also?

Julia is desperate.

Both her attempts at bringing down the HSSR have failed miserably! Her usual special, the full-frontal military attack, went horribly wrong. Her admittedly curly-thinking, best-porno-evar cultural attack, was a slight, partial success, in that it sowed discontent in parts of HSSR society - but just galvanised Garcia's Authority crowd, they're spitting tacks, and they're hunting her down. Garcia leads a huge army. It's bearing down on Park Privilege, to snuff out the moneyed cream cowering there and tear her limb from limb.

Her standard military commando attack style squelched against the billion-insect barrier. Her out-of-left-field Yalta34 cultural attack destabilised the HSSR in all sorts of delicious ways, yet Garcia's Authority core is madder and more dangerous than ever, and coming for her and her Park. 

Garcia has been reading up on just about everything he can get his paws on, every bit of military history, anything that might aid him in his aims - and latterly, Julia's own personal mercenary history. He knows her now, and he knows her fighting style. 