Draft SweiCONCISE notes* Danilo is outwardly aloof and domineering. Of course he's got billions squirrelled away all over the world - holiday homes etc. He turns up at Park Privilege on a gigantic slave litter. He's a Park VIP. He dresses up as the Dalai Lama and makes a great hubbub about being a Leader In Exile.* Inwardly he's squirming, desperate. The rumour hubbub surrounding coked-up animals led by bulletproof hippos bad enough - Park patrons are spooking like mad at the thought of their Colombian harvest being cut off, they're a flighty bunch at the best of times, but Danilo, their deity, the hub of all powder awesome, spreads panic like a plague.* Meeting. Julia reassures him and everyone that this is right up her alley. No animal can resist a 50 cal between the eyes.* Off she toddles, rounds up a merc team and takes extra ammo on the safe side and runs slap into one of Garcia's new war clouds. Millions of coked-up animals.* Ten hours of shooting and the barrels glow red and she runs out of ammo. Garcia personally overturns her truck and kills most of Julia's colleagues. Some of the new coke variants produced by the captured whitecoats are bearing fruit - not just intelligence, but strength, stamina, even wit and sarcasm. Julia thinks oo that's actually kinda cool, as she drives for her goddamn life.Draft SweiJulia scrolled down her phone, going over the various bits and bobs Adriana had been able to scrape together about this Hippo business, the better to do a bit of swatting for this upcoming Park-wide meeting that gibbering Park pen yesterday had pleaded she and the Park management attend.Scroll scroll. She sipped her quite-emphatically-not-alcoholic-seriously-girl-pace-yoself morning coffee. Holy moly. Julia had been on some ridiculous capers in her years as a mercenary, but nothing like this. The closest case might possibly have been spiking Rush Limbaugh's water supply with a heroic dose of LSD, then letting out all the animals in the nearby Palm Beach, Florida zoo and herding them through his radio recording studios as part of an attempt to convince him the nation was so far in the closet they'd literally arrived in Narnia and that, therefore, the Homosexual Agenda infecting the country had been well and truly crushed, the better to puncture his paranoia, outrage and, more to the point, celebrity influence, concerning an upcoming national referendum on the topic. Julia grinned at the happy memory. Best ten grand I ever made. And that blackmailable-video-duet with Limbaugh on the _Doctor Doolittle_ song _If I Could Talk To The Animals_ was a nifty bonus. Remarkable tenor!But this? She scrolled down the emails re Colombian rural shenanigans Adriana had flicked her way. Hippos leading battalions of other animals. Overrunning FARC outposts and multiple coca plantations, kicking quite the ruckus-? Curious fare indeed - but why bring me into this? Why would this Danilo chappie and his and chums want my services? Just shoot 'em. I happen to be quite incredibly good at that - but so are others. Hardly a rare skill. I thought Danilo was a drug lord? Doesn't a world-class thug like him have his own guards-?Julia continued scrolling, hoping Adriana's final list items might spark off some much-needed enlightenment. Instead - what's this - what, flanking tactics? Combined hippo charges and bird airstrikes? She frowned, puzzled. That's no escaped herd. Intelligence at work...?A series of frenzied cheers broke her concentration. She looked up from where she sat at one of Park Privilege's more sedate beachside cafes, "sedate" being relative in a place where a cocaine-fuelled orgy lasting a mere four days and nights would be considered a rather vulgar and tasteless tribute to Mary-Whitehouse-level prudishness. She'd chosen to do her pre-meeting She stared down the nearby brick-and-cobble walkway her cafe fronted onto at the source of the shouts. A large and imposing group of orange-robed men and women strutted along one of Park Privilege's main throughfares, looking all high and mighty and pleased with themselves. Some waved brass gongs like lassos and occasionally brained the more dim-witted bystander. Others branished baseball-bat-sized sticks of incense, glowing like lightsabres and billowing smoke like Australian bush fires.Julia inwardly smirked, then stared at the group's midst. They bore on their shoulders what at first appeared to be a huge pile of unwashed laundry, then as the group lurched nearer, she noticed first hefty limbs thrashing around, gesturing at the underlings below, then at a head crowning the creature, a head which once upon a time might possibly have been quite handsome until the last-days-of-Rome environment you get in this place caught up with it. Julia sighed to herself. All too common here, she thought. Poor buggers. She scratched her own stomach. Good thing I only pop in between gigs, and short pops at that.God, if some anti-wealth Luddite movement wished to utterly destroy this Park and everyone in it, all they'd need is hire me to force a surprise ultramarathon on these blobs. Dead in five minutes, the lot. An odd expression swam across Julia's face as contempt, concern-trolling and greed battled within. Say, back in Ancient Greece, wasn't there some Spartan general put in charge of defending a town against an enemy army a month off? Order One: fine all the fat people; Order Two: daily runs lapping the town. She grinned to herself. One of the advantages of hanging out at this place, everyone's a known asshole.As she idly fantasised, the shoulderborne apparition seemed to resolve itself into Jabba the Hutt attempting a Donald Trump impression. The group passed within earshot. Julia couldn't help but notice the splendour of Hutt's headgear. One of those yellow Zen Buddhist Gonzo-nose thingies, wasn't it? Goes with the robes. Nice. But they aren't typically bling-encrusted, are they? Would a Buddhist have "Hola, Clements," Hutt smarmed as his litter-bearers tottered past her seat. "Glad I bumped into you. We have an appointment, you and I!""Sorry?" she said. "And you are?" She looked his group up and down. "What's your deal, matey?"Hutt motioned his ride to a halt, then he slapped his forehead with the back of his hand, stared up at the sky and moaned like a zombie French-kissing a vampire. "I am exiled!" he wailed. "Ejected from my homeland by the cruel boot of heinous oppression!"Ohh, some dictator turf war loser, eh? Dime a dozen round these parts. "Sucks to be you, bro," Julia said, winking. "But - do we know each other?""If being cast out into the cruel world's wintry blast must be my lot in life," Hutt bleated, taking no notice of her, "then so be it! O fate! O _cru_-el fate! Why must you torment me so?""Ohh, it's the Dalai Lama you're taking the piss out of. I like your style. Might want to watch your step though, you'll get a few actual Buddhists getting pissy at you."Hutt emerged from his reverie and smirked at her. "Way ahead of you, babycakes. Just think, what's a Buddhist going to do? Set _himself_ on fire?" He gestured at several junior underlings hefting crinkly bags and skewers. "We brought marshmallows."Julia clamped down on a guffaw, feeling genuinely ashamed of herself for finding that funny. "Nah, mate. 'Round these parts the only Buddhist types are qi-and-healing-crystal Hollywood airheads. So much Botox their skin goes asbestos-y."Hutt, evidently deciding to resume redlining his melodrama, groaned. "No marshmallows! No barbecues!" he howled at the heavens. "How _dare_ insolent Buddhists not self-immolate!" He shot a pudgy finger at several children bringing up his troupe's rear. "Our tots' tums rumble, desperate for mallowy goodness, their faces grow lean and gaunt! Bastard Buddhists!" Hutt slapped his forehead again. "Oh _CRU_el fate! Why must you torment me like a steamboat whore?""A steamb-?" Julia delighted in finding her train of thought shunted. "Ha, I'll have you know being a steamboat whore has its perks," she said. "You should try it some time. I hear plus-size models are In these days." She chuckled and knocked back the last of her coffee, head thrown back, oh-so-subtly exposing her midriff to the man, and waggled the cup at a waiter for more. "I did that gig in my gap year. Afterglow makes Mississippi louts sloppy, and you wipe the floor at poker games. Say, actually, you look familiar-" Julia scratched her chin "-didn't I bluff twenty grand off you in, what, '79, with just a pair of deuces against your Royal flush?"Hutt blinked at her, his face flickering as he apparently flicked through a few old memories. He jerked. "Y-you!" he snapped. "Yes! I remember that, you bi-" He visibly composed himself and grinned back at her. "Quite right." He preened, all relaxed-like. "In fact I owe you thanks, young la- my dear, for it taught me a valuable lesson concerning letting one's guard down."Julia raised her refilled cup in a salute. "I'll drink to that," she said. "Life's a bitch, learning from one's mistakes earns mad respect." She swigged. "Cheers.""Don'tjuststandtheredickheadgetmeacuptoo," Hutt snapped at an orange-robed peon, who squealed, zipped to the cafe's bar and returned with an identical cup. "Cheers indeed," he said back to Julia. He raised his own cup and downed it in one. "Here's to painful mistakes, to learning spikes, to excellence."Well well! Groovy guy after all. Ambitious. Shit, what was his name again? I must give Adriana another nudge re her shorthanding my pillow talk. "Now you can't have thrown together this Buddhist act just to schmooze with old fuck buddies, right-?"Hutt grinned. "Indeed not, Clements! I have hired you today for a specific purpose."Hired me-? "de Silva! The Colombian mansion guy! It's _your_ pets which are rampant?""Bang on, sugar-tit!" said Danilo. "I want my pad back, soonest, and you're going to get it for me, you understand?" All trace of levity and melodrama left his face. "I've kept _tabs_ on you, Clements, ever since that Reagan's slutty Hitler thing of yours did the rounds way back - although if the tabs didn't pick up the steamboat thing, clearly not closely enough."He leaned down at her, his head eclipsing the Sun behind him. "I hope for your sake that you're as good as you claim you are."Julia sipped, eyes heavy-lidded. Clients, eh? Money makes fat cats jumpy. It's only good ethics for me to relieve them of that sobering burden. "Of course. I hope you're as generous with your chequebook as you're reputed to be.""Hah." Danilo darkened still further. "You just deliver, woman." He reached down and slapped the orange-clad rump of one of the women carrying him. "Heigh-ho, Silver, away!" His troupe lurched into motion and trotted off.Julia watched him go, pondering to herself and imagining she was back on that steamboat.Danilo looked back over his shoulder. "Meeting in twenty minutes!"---"So ... I want to be sure I understand you," Julia said into Adriana's hugely magnified face."Fire away," says she."Let's go over this one more time.""Please." The woman sipped her tea like it was an aromatic Indiana Jones trap and drinking more than a millilitre an hour would unleash universal armageddon."Sentient hippos.""...Yes, dear. Hippos." Nano-sip."Sentient hippos have overrun Mr. de Silva's mansion-""And they've murdered hundreds of my FARCs!" bleated a man down the table from her."And half Colombia!" cried out another, bursting into tears. Oh dear, thought Julia, tipping point, ripples of emotion cascade through the meeting. "My homestead, my livelihood, my family, all taken-""That pack of floozies wasn't your family!" snarled a third, glaring from his pint."It wasn't?""Of course it wasn't." Man 3 swigged, straightening in his seat. "Shouting 'who's your daddy' during your orgies doesn't count.""Oh." The second man wobbled his lip for a second or two and started to whimper. "Then-""Stay on topic, please!" Julia shouted. Man 2 yelped, visibly recoiling. "Time for that stuff later! Business first." Man 3 frowned and nodded."Thank you. If I'm to lop the heads off these runaway hippos for you," Julia continued, "then we need to understand what they're about." She scratched herself. "I like their style, they sound rather groovy-!"Splutters exploded up and down the table. Armani-cocooned dandies stared at her aghast. Hah. So did Adriana's EU chums, milling around either side of her digital visage. A few of the more dignified ones glared at Julia like they'd caught her rolling spliffs from pages of the Domesday Book. Adriana herself kept a straight face, but Julia could see a cheeky smile sparkling away in those amazing eyes of hers, and felt a wee sparkle herself. "Groovy?" spat Man 3. He flexed stealth-bomber jaw like he'd been crunching diamonds. Look at those cheeks bulge! He's like a chipmunkey Pierce Brosnan. "_Groovy_? I would advise you to treat this crisis with the gravitas it merits! Ms - Clements, was it?""The same! And believe me I do, babycakes," she smiled, cocking a finger-pistol at him. "That's why I do my homework. These things take planning. Tell me - have you ever arranged a hit job on a rival outfit's top brass?"His eyes narrowed at her. He clacked pint glass onto table very deliberately. "As a matter of fact I have."A fellow artiste? Groovier! "Then you'll know," she said, "of the advantages of groundwork, of understanding your foe, of their security, their motives, of, er, subtle contemplation-"Adriana snorted like a geyser and slaps hand to bulging mouth. "Not when I'm _drinking_, moron!" she cried out, plonking down her own emptied teacup and sponging mouth and blouse with napkin. "Subtle? _You_? That's a bit rich!" She wrung the thing out. A hugely close-upped staff member on her side of the camera wiped off the innumerable tea droplets now spackling the camera lens. "Damn you for that. Could I get another?" she said to someone off-camera. "Ta." To me, "what have you ever done that's subtle?""Oh come on, babe, tons of things." Julia pondered for a quick sec. "What about that time you and I sold Baden-Wurttemburg to Switzerland for an entire week without a single person noticing? That was subtle!""That? That ended with Crown Prince Ruprecht personally firing nine hundred and nine depleted uranium rounds up the ass of _my_ getaway Lambo.""He did!" Julia grinned at that. "Happy times.""Happy? I'm ever so pleased for you," said Adriana scornfully. A servant handed her new tea. "Thanks." To Julia, "Getting that car fixed gave nine panelbeaters nervous breakdowns. Nine! And then there was the penis."Our bemused onlookers are becoming ever more confused. I can see them from the corner of my eye. "Er - what penis?""You know what penis I mean! You melted the bullets down into a metre-tall bust of his own dick-""-Oh yeah-!""-and mailed it to him. What were your exact words? 'He's the sort of guy who, if you told him to go fuck himself, would give it a try', was it?""You got it," Julia nodded sagely, all zen-like. "His libido and ego deserve each other.""...That's beside the point. You just don't do subtle, dear.""O ye of little faith. You just watch me with these hippos-""-Yes! Hippos!" Man 3 spat again. Julia shot a glance. Golly. He looks like he's about to explode with impatience. "Return to the topic, ladies! Some trillions of dollars are at stake!"Hmph, he's got a point, Julia had to admit to herself. Amazing fun churning the ol' nostalgia turbines with veteran chums like Adriana, toasting past glories and egging on those to come, but we do get a bit carried away. Outsiders find it bloody tedious. Serves 'em right for not being there.Oh yes, so we're at a meeting, aren't we? Quite an important one! Around her, Park Privilege's senior management sat in gigantic leather armchairs, led by His Halitosisness himself, that Jurassic twit breathing on her back in the lobby, blobbing away in an obelisk-like chair likely to have consumed Texas's leather output for an entire year. His lieutenants were all hat-and-tails-and-Respectability-cufflinks, outward lacquers of snooty serenity no doubt concealing horrid welters of terror. Ever seen five thousand people undergoing skull-splitting cocaine withdrawal at once? That's what these ladies and gentlemen will have to babysit their clients through in the very near future, should they and we not sort out this Hippo debacle. Sucks to be them, Julia mused. The spice must flow!Much the same impetus propelled the thirty or so of the wealthiest clientele able to cram around the Park's main conference room table. They oozed with cash and self-importance and what they no doubt thought was astounding fashion sense - and not a few bruises, for the spectator galleries ringing the table were packed and throbbing with dozens more unsuccessful entrants, replete with bruises of their own and restrained by stocky Privilege muscle. They arched their heels and craned over each others' heads trying to watch the proceedings.Julia's, erm, 'colleagues' to her left and right had a unique set of emotions, their intensity more or less a linear function of how much this Hippo business affected them personally. Her own personal motto for Park Privilege was "where the world's wealthiest assholes congregate", and a good third of those seated here likely mooched their riches from Colombia's coke fields directly. Or did, until these hippos did their hippo thing. Now they look like the entire world is exiting their ass directly, much like, I'm guessing, Man 2. Seriously, look at him. He's snivelling and whimpering and blowing his nose, no doubt trying to accustom it to the oncoming coke drought. The other two thirds' worldly wealth is more likely unrelated, and enjoy their Devil's Dandruff _in_directly, just as a hobby. They simply look furious.At the conference room's far end is the biggest and crispest TV you've ever seen. A-squillion-p, minimum. On it is Adriana's ugly mug, sitting at a meeting table of her own, flanked by about twenty of her EU diplomat contacts. Above the TV is an HD video camera, relaying my own ugly mug back to them. Save perhaps Park management, they're doing their stern dignity act far more gracefully than anyone here - a lifetime's deadly schmoozing amid the globe's toughest tends to rub off on you. I had first-hand experience of that way back around 2001, when the UN decided enough was enough and cantilevered me out of this sweet little empire I'd carved out almost by accident, halfway up the Congo. See, their civil war was sputtering away, I'd only dipped my toe in there to run guns and scram - but my clients' enemies cut off our exit, so I dug in for a bit, made a few local mates, thought it'd be a hoot to challenge nearby chiefs to an evening of drinking and arm-wrestling contests, to my surprise I bested forty-three straight, and in five minutes flat two million darkies worshipped me as their queen. You know how it is. A thousand sexy strongmen smooching my feet every morning for six months straight was fucking awesome, but I'll admit that near the end I got a bit weary of it all. If I enter a pub it's to sup a cheeky pint, not for the regulars to literally gut each other to be first in line to prove cunnilingus mastery to The Delectable Cow From Whom All Worldly Bounty Flows (their name for me, no word of a lie). It was almost a relief when fifty giant UN hovercraft roared their way up the jungle river and to my palace, crammed with dignitaries brandishing UN writs declaring I Heart Peace and No More Tyranny. Ten thousand loyal lads rose unbidden to defend their deity, and these spindly paper-pushers faced 'em down. I've never seen anything like it - you haven't lived 'til you see an Uruk-Hai begin swinging its mighty axe, get hit head-on from a pencil-neck stare, then drop the thing and scarper. Sturdy folk indeed. I made a good few friends that day. Nevertheless, Adriana's lot seem bit shaken, for a good few are from behind the former Iron Curtain, and no doubt have vivid memories of actual Communism - for Adriana tells me the Commies are involved somehow, so she invited some along."All right, all right," Julia flapped a hand at Man 3. "Planning. Right. Planning. Notes time." She patted her pockets and snapped her fingers a few times. "Anyone got a pen?" I know it's cheeky, she mused, but I can't help myself. At Man 3, "Could I mooch one of yours-?""_Enough_!" he snarled, and thumped the table. Loud. Cutlery jangled. The noise level drops to silence. "Ms. Clements, is this some kind of sick joke? Park Management assures us-" he glares daggers at the management at one end of the table, who are beginning to look uncomfortable, well, more than usual, "-that you are _apparently_ a competent mercenary. I remain unconvinced. Our livelihoods burn and you crack infantile jokes!"Oh lordy, it's Reagan's slutty Hitler outfit all over again. Some people just don't want to loosen up. Best nip this in the bud. "You question my methods?" she purred at him. "Would you like a demonstration?""Such as?" he sneered. "A William Tell impression? Shooting an apple off my head will reassure us of your ability to plan entire infiltration missions? I think not!" Rumblings up and down the table suggest that other Park patrons felt likewise.Adriana gave him a very muted smile indeed. Julia caught her at it and winked. Ha, there's her eye-sparkle again. Nice. Several EU chums caught Julia at that and eye-sparkled also. They know what's what.Where'd that notebook go... Julia patted her pockets - ah, there it is. "No, that's not what I had in mind," she said, "although it's not a bad idea. Perhaps later?" I lick a finger and start leafing through it. "What's your name?"Man 3 eyed her coldly. "My name is Trent Taylor," he said, in the manner of someone rather annoyed he has to introduce himself."Taylor, eh?" She gave her opened notebook a casual eye-flick. "You're sure you wish a demonstration?""Ms. Clements," he growled. Crikey, that's some James Earl Jones-level subwoofing. "Perhaps you do not grasp the fragility of the ice on which you totter. If your 'demonstration' is not world-class, I will eject you."Oh it's _on_. Almost by itself, her train of thought shunted from one set of rails to quite another. She rubbed her hands together. "Oh? Be it on your own head then, sugar-slit." Taylor flushes with anger but didn't respond, just kicked up the glare.The meeting room rippled with chatter at "sugar-slit", then died away just as quickly. Taylor, Taylor, flick, flick - here we go. She made great play of reading the thing. She let a pantomime laugh bubble up her throat. Fifty people craned their necks at her. "Oho! You! You're the _Loathsome Asparagus_ plantation's major shareholder?" she asked, glancing up from it."Yes." He damn near ground his teeth to powder. "I am.""Geez, that's right by the Rio Orinoco, it must have been one of the first to fall. Interesting. Curious. Fascinating. How's Rachel?"And bam. Taylor's face strobed from Oompa-Loompa orange to bleach white and back within a second. "I don't know anyone called Rachel." His voice and face were steel-galvanised."Oh come on, don't be modest." She waggled her eyebrows. "She's a very fortunate lady!" Julia stood up, then panto-acted reading a few more lines from the notebook. "What does this say now... 'I have never seen a more impressive case'," she dictated. "'Few women indeed have the physical strength to carry 43 full-size gold bars hooked in their negligee in the course of a billionaires' striptease, let alone manipulate their clients into paying another ten per handjob. Ms. Daniels' skill at draining foolish clients is unparalleled. She has left a trail of destructive bankruptcies across multiple continents.'" Astonished chatter froths around her. "'Perhaps her greatest coup was thieving half the assets of the serial philanderer Trent Taylor in 2007-'"Taylor lurched to his feet, face fury-scarlet. "Enough! Slander! I never met her! You hand over that notebook immediately! Simmons-" he gestured to a beefy bodyguard flanking him "-take it off her! Now!"Julia chuckled and frisbeed it to him.He snatched the notebook out of the air and pawed through it. He goes all bug-eyed and produced a series of stacatto pops. "There's nothing written h- it's empty!"She laughed, hands on hips. "'Course it's empty! You think I'm foolish enough to record my intel for any old pickpocket to pinch?" She tapped my forehead. "It's all here, baby. I do my homework, see, on you, on anyone I deem significant. You don't scratch your ass without me knowing. I bet our colleagues here would just love to know what your thirteenth ex-wife thinks of your puny bedroom skills-""_No_!" He shrieks. He hurled my blank notebook at her face. It arced over the meeting, all eyes on it - then exploded in a confetti sphere.Pow! And now all eyes tractor-beamed to the trusty Beretta in Julia's hand. His bodyguard went all bug-eyed at it, roared in surprise and scrabbled at their own gun holsters, pause for just long enough when they realise she'd vanished the weapon back to the hidden pocket from whence it sprang and she's now thumbs-upping at them, and Taylor collapsed into their arms, faint, his overtaxed adrenal glands throwing up their hands in exasperation."...And there's my William Tell impression!" she declared. "Satisfied? Yes? Right." She stared up and down the table, past Taylor's bodyguard and assorted hangers-on wailing at their master's woe, around the ring of people clustering the gallery, into the TV at Adriana's EU chums, and finally at Adriana herself, who's busying herself with a wee bit of nail-filing and subtle, hah, eye-rolling. "Anyone else care for another homework demonstration? No?" How odd! All of a sudden no-one feels like meeting my eye. She sat.What's all this, you may ask? I'm Rain Woman all of a sudden? Spymistress Supreme? Nah. The reality's much simpler than that. See, you get all sorts in this world. You do indeed get some truly formidable billionaires and suchlike, quite dangerous men and women who are fully aware of anything blackmailable in their past - but, and here's the difference between them and Clown Taylor here - they know how best to conceal it. They don't go blabbing to any random nightclub chick (me). And they sure as hell don't hang out at the likes of Park Privilege, they're altogether too smart for that. Park Privilege's jetset are typically third-generation Wealthy. Never worked a day in their soft, flabby lives. Morons. Morons who are all too eager to hit the bar and drown their deepest darkest sorrows, discover to their horror that said sorrows spurn a liquid grave and remain cheekily buoyant, first atop a nice pint of stout, then successively in Baileys, tequila, marijuana, absinthe, morphine, acid, crack, ketamine, heroin, bath salts, crystal meth and shortbread, and at around 4am they throw in the towel and eject their undrownable sorrows onto any handy Park patron, which in practice is usually me. So I listen. And listen. And I listen. Then listen some more. To all kinds of hot goss, saucy goss, espionage-worthy goss and goss that's just plain fun. I keep topping up their tipple, then when I'm all listened out, slip 'em just a teensy dose of my special-blend Rohypnol so they don't remember it was me, and next evening the harvest resumes. Reintroducing myself every damn time is tedious but lucrative.And Taylor's far from the worst, believe me, but my god that man's a messy speaker. Honking and braying and hands straying where they shouldn't, although a bit of Pavlovian conditioning sorted that out pronto. A second or two of me clanking gold bars like Monty Python coconuts and he balls up like a squirrel. 'Rachel', hah, made a mint off him.When I'm not around to suckle their clumsy secrets, these same twits blurt to the Help. I sneak a glance around the room at them, and yup, sure enough, I can spy that telltale gleam in their eyes, they're feigning the astonishment genuinely shown by everyone else, pretending they're not already wise to everything I just said.So - as far as Julia was concerned - that's the likes of Taylor cowed. "Okay!" she shouted to the meeting in general. "Just 'cause Taylor's an asshole doesn't make him wrong, time is short, let's get a move on! Adriana, Mister Chairman, meeting attendees, distinguished members of Park Privilege," she said, nodding to each. "I wish to-"More chatter! "Park - _Privilege_?" splutters His Halitosisness, jerking forward, rheumy eyes flashing, attempting to stand. His nearer lieutenants join him. "I _beg_ your pardon?"Aw shit. I do let my mouth run away from me sometimes, she winced. That's my own private name for this place, not its actual one! "Forgive me, it was, er, a reference to the privilege of being here," she tried. "Distinguished members of $witty_camp_name - knowledge is power, intel is success. We must know more about these hippos than they do," she cried, thumping the table. "I- wait, that pen!" She leaped from her chair, dashed around the table, ran round behind the row of debaters twisting their heads around at her, wiggled her way into the flunkey circle clustering Taylor, squiggled a sneaky hand into his breast pocket, nabbed that pen she'd asked him for earlier - and she scampered back to her seat before any have a chance to punch her or call her a bitch. She popped the cap off."Right. Let's continue." She applied nib to notebook 2. "So. How many are there? How are they able to overrun entire military bases? This cocaine they take, the new stuff everyone keeps mentioning - what does it do to them? Or the animals they feed it to? Is it normal stuff like any of us might enjoy, or something new? What effects might it have on a human? You wish me to assassinate their 'leaders' - they're not a mindless mob? There's a hierarchy? Does any spokeshippo speak for all? How-?"As Julia rattled off one question after another, the Park's management slowly cooled off from their affront at "privilege". Staff scurried forward with delightful cakes and pastries, for they knew how best to handle their lords' moods, and the management snatched the things up and sank teeth into 'em, flashing angry glances at me with descending frequency, then finally melted into placidity and chew. Similarly, Julia inwardly kicked herself. Seriously, get a grip on yourself, girl, you're acting like a spastic."I believe my colleague may be of service to us," said Adriana. She clinked another delicate emptied cup to table. "Mr. Tsiolovsky, if you please?"She gestured to a late-middle-aged man slopping around in an office chair like a badly made cocktail. Him! Julia geve a start. He was part of the Congo gang! Don't let his Rigor Mortis look fool you, in the hovercraft melee he was to adversaries as Mike Tyson is to ears.---A titanic air-roar bellowed around Julia. Wind-whipped water blew into a frenzy on all sides, as the gigantic hovercraft she and about seventy mercenary chums camped out on blundered its way through the upper reaches of the Rio Orinoco, jungly slopes crowding in amongst them.What a view! I love this part of the world, she thought to herself.Still no sign of those flocks Danilo mentioned. Dead quiet. She frowned. Back inside.She clambered across the hovercraft's upper decks, clinging for dear life to the deck hand-rails, making soaked progress hand over hand in the direction of a nearby inner-decks door, her yellow sou-wester fluttering around her and doing an admittedly glorious failure of keeping at least her torso dry.At length she made it inside. She wrung out her soul. It dribbled.A colleague of hers, clad in standard camo gear, looked up from studying the digital controls of a hefty anti-aircraft gun mounted on the far side of the hovercraft's reinforced window. It and many like it bristled the machine's length, each the focus of numerous ammunition belts spaghetti-ing from crate after crate after crate of the stuff, all securely strapped in place. Ammunition everywhere. Dozens more people in similar garb edged and scraped past each other like students at a house party, penned in by the endless crates. And propellant cylinders, hooked up to another several dozen long-ish-range flamethrowers, affixed outside, controlled remotely, twins to the AA guns. Digital interior controls attached to these also gleamed."Seriously, sir," he said, "_this_ much ammo? Even at full blast this thing's engines can barely keep the air cushions working!""You heard what Danilo said," she answered. "And those FARC dudes. Every single one said the same thing.""Yeah, I get that," sad the man. "But this is overkill. We're barely afloat.""A zillion animals just rolled over each of them, even when the soldiers in question were dug in and waiting for them. You fire 'til your gun glows red, your mates either side do likewise, you kill everything in front of you - then you exhaust your supplies, the millionth animal clambers over its fallen comrades, and it pecks out your heart." Julia patted a crate. "It's not gonna happen to us."A man in a distinct naval-captainny-flavoured jumpsuit squirmed between two Monolith-like crates and limped in their direction, face looking thundery. "Ms. Clements!" he barked over the engine roars. "We're nearing the location you told us, we should be there in another fifteen minutes - what exactly is our action plan? We mere nautical staff are just dying to know.""It's quite simple," she said. "We want to charge up the Orinoco as far as we can, hit the manicured bit alongside Danilo's mansion, up and onto the lawn, shoot everything that moves, charge up to the mansion proper, find those hippos and other animals on that list we have, kill the lot, disembark, secure the mansion and adjoining buildings, then Danilo showers us in cash. Couldn't be easier.""'Couldn't be easier'." The captain looked ominously at her. "Right. I know you, Ms. Clements - I work with mercenaries the world over, but your plans in particular go haywire with alarming regularity, and in ways only you typically manage. That bloody Congo mission was just a bit of gun-running, not an excuse for you to play Empress!""The rebels had cut off my exit," she replied, glad the hovercraft's hydro-dam-sized fans made this particular conversation private. "What was I supposed to do, twiddle my thumbs? Come on, Granty, you promised me you'd forgiven me on that years ago.""I had indeed," said Grant. "But it's this trip in particular I'm concerned about. And it's Mr. Howlitz, thanks."Julia stroked her chin and sighed. You and everyone else. I though I'd explained this already. "What's on your mind, Howlitzy?"Howlitz sighed too, attempting to bottle a few latent frustrations. "Out-ammo-ing your adversary is a clumsy tactic, and you know it."Gah, bingo. "Yes - against humans! I've been over this. This is no _Kaiserschlacht_.Didn't you read my action plan?""Yes, I-"CRACK. Something stove in the hovercraft's ribs.Every person on board knocked into the air. The hovercraft gave a sickening lurch to port, and started spinning in its path up the river. Julia, clinging to an omnipresent ammo crate, felt her stomach quiver. "What was that?" she bawled."Dunno!" thundered Howlitz. "An attack, clearly!" He whacked a certain bit of his uniform. His now-amplified voice echoed the vessel's length. "Scramble - get to your guns, everyone! This is not a drill!" Mercenaries up and down the machine clambered around and every which way to the exterior guns' controls. The machines champed and bristled and roared online. "BRIDGE", Howlitz shouted into his comms. "What hit us?""Not sure, sir!" came the reply. "Just a smash out of nowhere! Damage to the rear bulkheads, but nothing too nasty, armour's designed against RPGs, holding well-""Good! You stay here with your boys," Howlitz shouted at Julia, "do your animal-kill-thing, I'm off to the bridge, I'll do mine!" He spidermonkeyed in the direction of the bridge.CRACK. The hovercraft quivered but held. Something smacked into the reinforced window next to Julia, firing a fan of cobweb cracks a metre either side, but the glass itself held. She could just make out what looked like a crudely forged iron ball roll off the flank and splash.The original colleague fired an adrenaline-fuelled happy glare at her. So did the nearest twenty or so gunners visible to her. They pulled on comms headsets and earmuffs and kewl sunglasses. "Orders, sir?" he shouted on their behalf."Orders?" Julia womanned an AA gun of her own and strapped on a similar comms set. "Make that scene in _Predator_ look like a day at the fair, that's what." Whoops up and down the craft. "We're-" she checked a military tablet "-about three kays from Danilo's mansion. If you see anything move, shoot it."The man blinked. "What, as simple as that? No prisoners at _all_? Just kill everyone?""I know, it's rather unusual." she grinned at him. "Just don't damage my humble abode too much, Danilo told us.""Yes, sir," he grinned back.The huge ammo-laden hovercraft roared on, wallowing in the water like someone skipping a brick on jelly. They rounded a river bend. Danilo's riverside mansion came into view. Rolling hillocks of squeamishly manicured lawn, rather like puffy mashed potatoes, flummoxed around it, gentle green waves lapping at the delicate masonry within.So did quite a few earthworks. Odd! Julia shot binoculars to her face. In its viewfinder she could see animal forms in their thousands scurrying back and forth, carrying things, carrying - what - she stared closer - more cannonballs?The hovercraft drew nearer, only a few hundred metres off.The largest hippo Julia had ever seen strode to the water's edge, visibly limping from a specific foreleg injury, Julia's anatomy-medial-training informed her conscious mind. The Orinico lapped at his feet. With a jolt of recognition, she flicked through her notes, looking for that animal list Danilo had put together, pairing photos with those ridiculous names. Finding it, she skimmed it - isn't that...?"Welcome, my dearest bourgeois scum!" the hippo bellowed over the hovercraft fan roars. "Allow me to introduce myself. My name is Garcia." Crikey, he's loud! Julia blinked. It's actually echoing off the far bank!"Don't think your approach had gone unnoticed, my disgusting friends!" the creature bellowed. "As you can see, we've prepared against your arrival." It waved a foreleg at the dirt labyrinth behind it with, Julia estimated, some thousands of animals peeping their heads over trench tops, plus a disconcertingly large number of metallic pipes pointing their way. "You are far from the first bourgeois wave to break upon our ramparts. I offer you one single chance to join us."Various gunners glanced at Julia.Oh yay. This Garcia chappie knows his shit. Her comms crackled. "See what I mean?" said Howlitz into her ear. "A zillion cannons down our throats. Tits-up already.""Shut it! Not now!" she hissed back. "Give me external speaker control.""You-" "Don't argue!" she snapped. "Yes, _sir,_" said Howlitz sullenly."Right." Julia tapped select microphone controls. "Hi, Garcy! Hi, everybody!" her megaphoned voice echoed across the mansion's earthworks. "_My_ name is Julia. To you I offer the same deal. Stand down, please."The hippo glinted his eyes. "I think not. Time's up." He looked over his shoulder and gave a nod.From the earthworks, a thousand white smoke-puffs exploded. CRACK CRACK CRACK WHIZZ CRACK WHIZZ The hovercraft jolted with heavy cannonball popcorn and squirmed with the passage of each near miss.The fore gunners opened up with a blaze of heavy rounds, hosing the mansion lawn with glowing tracer rounds. The craft started vibrating.Only the fore gunners! Not enough! Julia stared down her binocs at the grassy expanse before them, animals swarming and diving this way and that like they'd kicked a beehive. The fore gun bullet hoses kicked up tremendous dirt fountains, animals diving, dropping, but - how many cannons are we talking about here? Whatever mad intelligence is controlling these animals has built hundreds! They've fortified the entire mansion, broadside time - Julia tapped her radio. "Howlitzy? You there? Can you-""Already on it-" said Howlitz, swinging hard to port. The craft lurched and skimmed sideways across the green river water, only slowing down a small amount."Good man! Starboard gunners-" Julia bellowed at a porcupine AA gun line "-full broadside, fellas. Give 'em hell."Fifty AA guns roared to life with a burst of sound so loud that even through Julia's earmuffs her eardrums shut down. The hovercraft visibly decelerated and started reversing as the combined force of all fifty guns shoved it backward. The craft as a whole started shaking like a washing machine spin cycle, the lawn and earthworks disappeared in a tumbling dirt maelstrom flecked with bullet glitter."-nough, enough!" Julia could hear someone bellowing across the common band and was rather surprised to discover it was her. "Cease fire, you pricks!"One after another, the guns rattle dropped to silence. The craft swung around again as Howlitz fought the bullet rocket and river flow.The dirt tornado began clearing. Julia and her chums stared up and around the mansion, trying to figure out how much damage they'd caused. Large sections of lawn burned. The entire place looked like it'd been raked over by Capability Brown. Where are those earthworks? Where are those animals? The hippo Garcia? No movement anywhere?She exhaled. "Right, that seems to have done it," she said over the common band. "I-"CRACK CRACK CRACK "Oh god not again. Guns up, everyone."The hovercraft's holding up well! she thought to herself over the AA gun rattle. Howlitz knows his stuff. But - these earthworks - with a lurch in her stomach she realised she'd been thinking about the entire mission all wrong. Of course, how stupid of me! She shook her head. Right from the word go, it's always been about escaped animals, about zoos, about pest control. And it just isn't!Just what have I got myself into?The hovercraft hurtled downstream again, shoved by its bullet reaction mass. The fans screamed in all directions, Howlitz presumably doing his damndest to avoid hitting the jungle trees thronging each bank. Some millions of birds erupted from them, carrying - Julia squinted - oh yay. Incendiary bombs. Incoming.The vessel's flame throwers belched into life.---Some hours later, the by now rather lighter hovercraft still hadn't even made it onto the mansion's lawn.Julia wrenched her cramping fingers off her AA gun controls. Oh come _on!_ How many more bird attack waves does Mr. Garcy _have?_Her mercenary colleague pointed gloomily at yet another mist rising off the Colombian jungle a few kilometres away. "Oh dear. Here we go again."The hovercraft was a wreck. Most of its exposed armour looked like post-sledgehammer corrugated iron. Still afloat though! Julia guessed that whoever designed these things took their inspiration from Iowa-class battleships, proverbially only sinkable with goddamn nukes- She jerked, suddenly alert. I wouldn't put it past that Garcia monster to get his mitts on - nukes - The nine zillionth bird wave, each one clutching at least one crude suicide bomb and usually two, crunched yet again straight down and into the craft's upper surfaces. The flame throwers made their usual sheets of fire up to fifty metres in all directions, but they didn't do shit to birds already clearly determined to expire for the greater good.Yet another overtaxed flame thrower exploded mid-ejaculate."Julia! _Enough!_" Howlitz's voice screamed in her ear. "You can't win this! We must withdraw!"Her heart sank. "No! We've still got a few million rounds left, we don't give up that easy-""Those last few waves are dropping explosives straight down the exhaust pipes," he said. "We've lost two engines already, we're leaking fuel, and you want us to fight infinity animals. Enough already! Withdraw, dammit!"She squinted through the cobweb haze of splintered bulletproof glass formerly her window. Yyyeah. Can't actually argue with that-A conifer landed on the stricken craft, shoving it under the waterline."Fuck. All right. All right! Withdraw."[Should we use the submerging as a way of making the HSSR think they'd sunk the thing? Ponder.]