Draft Ein

CONCISE brief

* Overall chapter arc: we've fought off attacks long enough. Too long! We'll take the fight to the bourgeosie! Hammer Colombia. Hammer Venezuela. Go on the offensive.
* Pandemonium in the HSSR! Julia's thrust has been repelled with HEAVY losses. Garcia's facade of hitting Julia's hovercraft with infinity animal waves worked - but only barely.
* The wounded choke the field hospitals, with Garcia's brand new prototypes having good effects.
* The dead millions literally dam the Orinoco, raising the river water some metres. Panic!
* Sanchez has been supervising boosting the plantation yields, mostly working! Outputs are higher than ever. Foreshadow fake yields later.
* Also foreshadow the infinite fracturing of Communist dogma!
** Already there are overzealous tigers and so on denouncing Garcia as insufficiently aggressive. Insufficiently smart about tactics. Publicly. Garcia simply destroys them.
** Sanchez also gets challenged by various herbivores about how he's making mistakes in his farm production. However! Sanchez is tactful. Sanchez has more people skills, he's collaborative. Sanchez can actually resolve disagreements.

* Nevertheless. Garcia musters a mighty army, and by the end of the chapter it hits Bogota.

Words

Sanchez hauled. He hauled on the metallic truck trailer with all his might, overtaxed muscles howling with exhaustion. He gritted his teeth and ignored the burn and hauled again. 

The trailer picked up speed. It rattled and bounced down the new dirt track he and several digging teams had constructed the day before, the better to supply and support the river forts Garcia had insisted the HSSR construct. Its tyres caught in the deeper ruts already forming so fast after yesterday's pristine construction, ankle-deep sucking mud clinging to each tyre, only reluctantly releasing each. Its precious cargo of _Handsome Joe_ sacks were all strapped in and secure and bound for Garcia's smashed hordes strewn across the mansion river banks, desperate for powder sustenance, scores dying by the minute, and every minute Sanchez tarried was another minute with unnecessary dead. He could feel mist descend in front of his vision, it blurred, he panted and foam flecked the sides of his mouth and overruled his muscles and thoughts of thousands of comradely dead crowded his conscience. The trailer, taller than he was, rounded another corner and he accelerated again.

Behind him, a line of large trailers carrying identical loads rocked and bounced and skidded down the same track, leading from Danilo's lab still visible on a ridge behind him. Each was hauled by a single hippo, or teams of smaller animals, or even, in extreme cases, several thousand birds all flapping and fluttering and pulling a wagon from the air, each and every last animal all eager to prove their worth to the Communist cause.

His treacherous muscles damn near screaming fuckit we don't care about bloody powder we QUIT, Sanchez hauled his trailer with the last of his strength from the jungly cocoon crowding the track and out into the glaring evening twilight sweeping across the battlefield. Frantic stretcher team queues snaked in horrid lines from what remained of the shattered assault waves that died victorious on the flanks of that bloody windy-hoover-gun-platform-thing. Did we actually kill it? his mind clamoured. I think we did!

In a corner of his heaving mind, Sanchez took a bit of perverse pleasure at the fact he managed to shunt his trailer in place with the others already present and thus did his comradely duty juuuust before his screaming muscles gave out for good. Collapsing in triumph, he faceplanted the mud.

He closed his eyes and panted and sucked huge wobbly breaths of precious oxygen and his muscles cramped and wobbled and their howling diminished and his burning lungs demanded air slightly less. He could hear the desperate scrabbling of battlefield animals pouncing on the truck and stripping it of its sack cargo like nymphomaniac piranhas laying waste to the Playboy mansion. His ragged panting schmoozed their way to merely heavy breathing, then down to lighter stuff. One truck after another clanged into place beside their twins and got stripped clean in seconds. At last, for just a few minutes, Sanchez allowed himself the luxury of a cheeky snooze. Just for a few minutes. Just a few...

Something prodded his ribs.

"Sir?"

He opened an eye and flapped an irritated ear at the torso-intruder. "Y... yes?"

"Sir are you all right sir?" A bonobo barely out of childhood attempted to meet his eye and didn't do very well.

He grunted. Oh yes. One of the new kids, awakened from the jungle itself. "Yes yes." He wobbled himself to his feet. Duty calls, yo. On your feet, comrade! On the third attempt he succeeded. "Right! What's cooking?"

"Sir Garcia wants you! He's looking for you everywhere-"

Oh right right. Sanchez shook his head and squizzed his eyes shut. "Where is he now?"

"Down by the river sir, next to the gun emplacements."

"Tell him I'll be there directly. Off you go, kid."

"Er yessir!" The bonobo shot off, its little legs scampering. It blurred its way around the endless stretcher teams ferrying wounded to field hospitals, the death squads hauling the endless corpse lines onto the piles of stinking dead, and up and over the huge dirt fort lines. A heaving tumult of other animals did the same, carrying sacks, carrying weaponry, carrying spades, carrying equipment of all sorts.

Sanchez shook his head at them, then with an altogether hefty force of will, shoved his creaking legs into motion, off down to the waterfront. Those forts! Those cannons! Garcia was right! My god, those things worked wonders! We'll need to manufacture more, far more. He sighed as he jogged along. Yet another thing to add to our HSSR's To Build list. That and about a million more.

Out of the corner of his eye he noticed a line of odd spiky wooden structures. From them hung - he peered closer - no still can't make it out - he trotted some distance out of his way and sniffed - crocodiles? Dead ones! Roped up by their necks! The throngs throbbing around him smelled more of fear than usual, sneaking sly glances at the dozens of dead. How peculiar! Honoured war dead, proudly on display for the glory of all? Did Garcia arrange this? But - no, that doesn't explain the fear.

He shouldered his way around the crowds, trampling his way over formerly exquisite lawn, now stomped and shot up into torn-up mud. Shame about the lawn! We need more grass! His tummy rumbled.

More bonobo teams scurried up and down and over the forts' dirt ramparts, armed with trowels and sticks and digging into their sides, wiggling 50-cal bullets free and collecting them into sacks.

Sanchez stared at them, then splashed through water. What - on earth? What's happening to the water? He ceased goggling at the forts he was traipsing through and stared up and down the river visible through the first fort row's gaps, which by now had raised about a metre. Even as he watched, the browny slop crept up around his ankles, lapping at the fort dirt and crumbling it. What's going on?

"Gangway, GANGWAY!" a voice roared. Sanchez started. Oh god, what's Garcia worked up about now? Seconds later, a hippo team stomped their way around a fort corner, a massive, crudely cast bronze cannon atop their backs. They heaved and roared encouragement to each other, squelching through waist-deep glue. 

"Get a move on you adorable scum!" bellowed Garcia behind them, carrying another identical cannon single-handedly. "The river's rising!"

He caught sight of Sanchez. "There you are," he snapped. "What kept you, man? Get the mouth, would you?" He waggled the cannon's mouth at him.

Sanchez dashed over. "What's going on, Garcia?" he asked. "Why's the water rising? And-" he stared at the river lapping up and under his tummy "-what happened to the colour?" The usual green-brown jungle swamp motif seemed redder-

Garcia hooted. "It's one last throw of our comrades' dice."

Sanchez blundered under the cannon's weight, narrowly missing headbutting the ass of the hippo in front. "Eh? What do you mean-"

"The bird waves, Sanchez!" Garcia said. "Stalin's, ha, 'human' wave tactics. It worked, but by Joe's rosy cheeks, at what a price. Our former comrades are blocking the river. Drowning my cannon!"

Sanchez gave this some thought. "So many of our birds died they're - damming the river?"

"Yes yes," said Garcia from behind.

"But-" Sanchez's head fizzed - "but - that's appalling-!"

"They sacrified their lives for the greater good," came Garcia's voice. "As you or I would gladly do in a heartbeat."

They splashed through shallows and up onto relatively dry land. Hippos and other pack animals began stacking the hulking metal cylinders up, clonking together-

"No not there, fools!" Garcia thundered. "Further up! Where it's dry!" The animals hurriedly resumed their hauling. "

Isn't she a beauty?" he continued to Sanchez. 

"What is?" panted Sanchez.

"Our cannon, of course!" said Garcia. "Just look at it! Imagine if we'd had one of these back at our old river, before Mr. Danilo shoved us in his lab. Go through tourist boats like they weren't there."

A pause. Sanchez felt pangs of homesickness thrill through him. My god, that was a while ago. Lovely warm mud and fragrant grass and Mummy keeping you safe and pretty young lady hippos winking - and - humans with guns and nets and - drugs, feeling woozy -

"Yes, it would have been amazing," said Sanchez, not feeling like his heart was in it.

- And Danilo spitting on us, and and - Sanchez's heart thrilled again, now a stronger, surging thrill - now we're out and free and doing shit on our own terms and we can make another river, a _better_ river, full of the _warmest_ mud and the _juiciest_ grass and the most _beautiful_ lady hippos and spending our own days being sexy as hell for them too, oh wow, and then we'd nuzzle and - Sanchez's imagination shunted up a gear - and it's all thanks to Comrade Stalin and Revolution and gallant fighting and weaponry and -

"How do these things work, anyway?" Sanchez asked. "I got your message about this latest attack, demanding every last bit of _Handsome Joe_ pronto lest the imperialist onslaught overwhelm even our staunchest, you said, but all we could hear was bangs and huge smoke columns." 

"What, the cannon fire?" said Garcia. "Sulfur, charcoal and dried bird shit. It's beautiful. Explodes most satisfactorily. Simply mix it up, pour it down the barrel, add one of our newly cast roundshot, throw down a few fire-sparks, then stand well clear. The shot rushes out the end at extreme speed and destroys all it hits. All you need to dominate."

"Marvelous," said Sanchez, feeling gloomy.

"Isn't it, just?" said Garcia, laughing a great big raw belly laugh. Sanchez could feel the quivers of mirth jerk up and down their cannon. "'It is right to learn, even from one's enemy.' Danilo had that set in stone above his bedroom, you know."

"Oh did he?" said Sanchez. "Well yes, these humans we're fighting may be monsters, bourgeois scum of the worst kind, but Comrade Stalin surely has our back." 

"Right you are!" Garcia thundered. "And each others'!" Garcia stopped abruptly, sending Sanchez sliding headlong along the cannon's underside and almost dropping it. "Here we are!" said Garcia. "Well above the waterline. Drop it here for now." The two thudded the heavy metal onto the lawn's upper reaches. "You too, comrades! Right here!" he shouted to the line of hefty animals snaking heavy cannon behind them.

The ground quivered, rattling the nearby bullet piles the bonobo teams were amassing from the heinous amounts of ammo fired from the bourgeois attack. The piles quivered also, chattering landslides of pointy bullets sliding. A distant explosion cloud heaved into the air some distance off, blocking the sunset. Its heart glowed blotchy red. The crowds surrounding the pair cheered.

"Ah, excellent," said Garcia. "Our demo teams have performed admirably." The swollen river rippled lazily, then began receding.

"That's the dam cleared, thank Stalin," he continued, staring at the mushroom cloud looming over them. It began to drizzle charred avian. "Speaking of which - report! How's the _Handsome Joe_ production moving?"

At this, Sanchez fought down a wave of irritation.

Cocaine production depended entirely on the cultivation and the harvest of the coca plant. A genus of related plants, _Erythorxylum,_ rather than a single species, each produced leaves of a variety of cocaine concentrations, each with its own production characteristics and difficulties, and each required its own blend of climates to prosper best. Grown as a shrub or a small tree, the highest-yield species, the types most likely to make the drug lords salivate over their profit margins, prospered in higher, cooler altitudes, where the peasants in the foothills and plateaus of the Andes produced a solid six harvests a year from their threadbare plantations, spending their days in backbreaking manual labour, plucking the coca trees naked of their oval leaves, leaving them to dry in the thin mountain air, finely chopping the leaves as a cook might chop parsley, sprinkling them with lime, or carbonate salts, or potassium permanganate, then adding a quantity of kerosene or diesel, and raising any number of callouses and blisters by stirring the mixture for some three days.

Your savvier drug lord, like Danilo, tended to have a close relationship with the cottage industry plantation multitude speckling the Andes' upper slopes - ostensibly symbotic, but in practice closer to that between a sweatshop worker and Nike. In parts of Ecuador it wasn't unknown for petrol to cost some four times the market rate, simply because illicit cocaine production gobbled up the stuff in such vast quantities. Same with the accompanying chemical salts. To take the heat off the peasants' racket, therefore, Danilo found it wise to purchase the processed cocaine at least partly in his own supplies of those raw materials, along with a sliver of his monstrous profits juuuust large enough to keep them fed and clothed, but no more. Who else where they going to sell their product to? The peasantry was rife with stories of attempting to negotiate fairer profit margins - Danilo would invite them to his mansion, they would mention some rival drug lord who'd recently made encouraging noises concerning winning over peasants, Danilo would simply point out the window, and the peasants would be treated to a view of a gallows with the corpse of the drug lord in question swinging from it, already starting to rot, strangled by hessian, with a sign hanging from its neck saying CONSCIENCE MAKES COWARDS SUCKAHS.

So the mountain peasants did as peasants throughout history have always done, work their fingers to the bone and in return their overlords flicked enough table scraps their way such that they didn't _quite_ starve to death. They manually chopped leaves, dried them in the Sun, added the dribs and drabs of chemical salt and petrol, mixed it for days on end to separate out the vegetable matter substrate from the cocaine itself, dried _that_ in the sun, and sold the chunky paste back to Danilo's goons for further processing at his place. Then the peasants began anew with the next crop.

The geography of high-altitude cocaine production meant that both the potency of the final product was greatest under those conditions, and that the mass-production great plains automated-industry favoured by the largest drug lords didn't suit the the rocky slopes and valleys one bit. Nevertheless, your larger lord, serious about megaton quantities of the stuff, used species of the coca genus more suited to lowland growth, which much to Danilo's annoyance tended to have leaves with far lower cocaine concentrations, but they were the only species that grew there. That or nothing - although Danilo had been astonished to discover, soon after his ascendence from drug sir to drug lord, that the current crop of lords had a shocking ignorance of basic biology and, more to the point, Mendelian genetics and artificial selection, and he'd kicked off a breeding program soonest, the better to correct Nature's unconscionable blunder.

Moreover, unlike the smaller and weaker lowland production rackets, sneaking what coca-plant growings they could from beneath the cover of jungle, shielding them from aerial photography and herbicide dusting from Authority do-gooders, the very largest and richest organisations could afford to be blatant enough to grow millions of the things, out in the open, without fear of reprisal or significant interference of any kind, negating the per-plant yield. This was Danilo's preference. The harvesting and chemical processing was done by threadbare locals, or, these days, robots, plucking, chopping, mixing and drying.

A conglomerate of advanced processing facilities not out of place at a petroleum refinery, dwarfed Danilo's mansion. Its job was to heat and filter megaton batches of the partially-processed product to further separate vegetable matter, producing cocaine-infused liquid to be mixed with sulfuric acid and mixed again, left to sit to allow the cocaine sulfate to separate, then the automated processing plants added a third dose of lime, neutralising the sulfuric acid, filtered again, and produced a gummy, yellow coca paste, and dried again.

The final processing, turning coca paste into street cocaine, involved adding small amounts of sulfuric acid and potassium permangant, which together reacted with the paste's impurities and changed the liquid's colour from nicotine-yellow-brown to faint white, which was filtered yet again and treated with ammonia to neutralise the acid.

Drying this yet again produced, at long last, cocaine hydrochloride, the white powder so beloved of work-hard-play-hard execs the world over. For the sufficiently finicky, one could also process street cocaine into rocks of hyper-pure crack cocaine, involving mixing cocaine hydrochloride with sodium bicarbonate, standard baking soda, or ammonia, and cooking it. The resulting collection of white pebbles could be heated and the vapour inhaled.

Whether powder or crack, each required only a very small amount of drug mule transportation and attrition of the condoms-bursting-inside-intestines variety, an unfortunate trade-off, to actually get it to discerning customers the world over, although Danilo had been considering simply purchasing a fleet of cargo 747s with CAN'T TOUCH THIS DUUUN DU DU DUN written down the sides, along with images of forearms and fists pressing birdflips into the faces of various authority figures, and flying his product there directly.

All this was the conventional way of producing conventional cocaine. Danilo had assured himself of first a place in the big leagues, and then of smashing them altogether and sitting plump and happy atop their rubble, by graduating from the clumsy experimental trial-and-error of coke production done for decades, and deciding he'd science that bitch up.

After kicking off that coca plant selective breeding program he'd been astonished no other drug lord had had the moxie to commence, Danilo first reaped its rewards some years before by undercutting the continent's other drug lords and nicking their markets overnight, and using the monstrous profits thus produced to headhunt/hire/persuade/coerce/blackmail/kidnap quite a few biologists, neurologists and genetic engineers the world over to help him first understand exactly how the human brain processed cocaine, how to "improve" cocaine to produce ever more alpine highs, and then how to chemically tweak either conventional, complete cocaine, or 

Sanchez and a team of nerdy colleagues had spent an agonizing day or three going over all this, both from standard library reference books, copious notes sprinkled throughout 


"Really well!" said Sanchez, glad of the change of topic to something jollier. "It's amazing! It turns out our human scientists have been all too happy to instruct us - and the library and this thing called an 'internet' have been incredible. They've told us all about it, how to grow it, how to process it. We've levelled forests, we've plowed fields, we've got endless fields of coca plants, fields to the horizon producing nothing but leaf. We process it, we make so much-"

"Yes yes, have you hit a thousand sacks a day?" interrupted Garcia. "Get to the point!"

"Yesterday!" Sanchez said proudly. He absent-mindedly brushed a smashed wing off his shouler form where it had fluttered, not wanting the buzzkill to perturb his giddy enthusiasm. "And that's just for starters! Greenhouses, hydroponics, LED photosynthetic lighting-"

"What? Speak Spanish, man!" 

"Oh, I'll show you the latest gear when we have a spare moment. Danilo had all sorts of kit. Trust me, yields will go through the goddamn _roof._"

Garcia regarded his colleague. Then, he threw his head back and brayed a mighty guffaw. 

"Excellent! Excellent!" he roared. "We're well on the way! And what of our other industries?" He slapped the latest cannon clanked onto the growing pile by their sweat-basted comrades. "More cannon! More shot!"

"Coming along fine too," said Sanchez. "But - I don't know how humans do it. Comrade Stalin's writings cover this in great detail. Have you _seen_ how much groundwork, how many background steps you need to produce, say, this?" He fished in one of his cargo belts and extracted a small plasticky thing. "The scientists had this. They called it a Nexus Galaxy."

Garcia peered at it. "Well? What is it?"

"They say it can transmit your voice great distances."

Garcia looked puzzled. "And what prevents one from simply shouting?" He nodded at distant animal specks swarming in and out of the great field hospitals set up at the battlefield's edge. "I could bellow that lot into line from here."

"No- greater even than that. Across countries. Further. Anywhere we like."

Garcia brightened. "You might be on to something, then. Excellent. I'll have a thousand."

"No - that's just my point," said Sanchez, feeling frustrated. "We can't! There are about a million steps between digging iron ore from the ground to smelter these-" he kicked a cannon - "and making a Galaxy. A million! And it's true for damn near any bit of kit truly interesting. Cellphones, electronics, _modern_ weaponry - you saw that big whooshy wind thing! It didn't even touch the water, not until you landed those trees on it. And it fired off so many of those bullet things - have you _seen_ the precision? The workmanship on those things? We've got a few shot towers cranking out grape - but this is another league altogether."

"I _see._" Garcia's eyes glinted. With some difficulty he rubbed his chin. "All right. Make your best preparations. Tomorrow we go on the offensive."

-What? "_What?_"

"Take a look around you!" snarled Garcia. "_Another_ attack today! These bourgeoisie are desperate! I know you and your teams have exerted gigantic efforts on the industrial side of the HSSR, but - you haven't seen just how desperate things got! We barely held off that last attack! Another five minutes and we'd have been done for! So, so many good comrades died today - those few of us unwounded are drowning in handling casualties." Garcia did his looming thing again. "Damn close run. I had to put down a mutiny! A mutiny!" Traitors, the lot of them! Look!" Garcia gestured at the sorry row of dangling dead caimans. 

"So it pleases me indeed," Garcia said, "to learn our _Handsome Joe_ production progresses as it does. Greater efforts, if you please. I want forests cleared and coca planted. Tomorrow we begin to go on the offensive," said again.

Sanchez's heart sank. "With _what?_ Didn't you just say we'd barely any fighters left?"

"The jungle provides," said Garcia. "It always does. More birds, more apes, more everything. You've seen how the animals react! Every last one of them is sick of having their homes destroyed by the humans. They're cranky and spoiling for a rumble. Excellent soldiers."

"Yeah, and -" Sanchez pondered how best to word this - "but, but how do they react to our own logging?"

"It is for the greater good. You know that! We're doing this _for_ them, you understand," said Garcia. "See to it."

