_Brief_ brief* End of C2, Danilo has approached Julia lazing at PP, offered a blank cheque to rid his plantation of hippos.* Start of C3: A week or so has gone by, hippos have commandeered Danilo's mansion and drug labs, forcing human scientists to spill their secrets. GOOD cocaine.* Almost immediately the ambrosia wears off - normal cocaine has a half-life of an hour. Crack - 15 minutes. Ambrosia? It's a variant that increases brain stim, not euphoria, so  - let's say a day. Subplot: a constant ambrosia supply for all sentients, and sometimes it fails.* Sanchez works on infrastructure and creation, Garcia on waging war.* Chapter plot arc: Sanchez discovers he and G don't see eye-to-eye. He feels frustrated. S meets all manner of animal and human, activates them; reads the Communist Manifesto, other Commieprop, loves it, and founds the HSSR, which by human standards is far-far-far-left. Colombia and Venezuela spot the budding red-state, spot the threat, and attack. Garcia, of course not understanding the historical context, takes this as standard Capitalist Aggression and counters.* Begin with awakening Maria; page or two on that, then farmers with guns! Also human rebels (also Commies, but the hippos don't know that). S&co feel oppressed; the long reach of Capitalist Pigs squelch 'em. Sanchez looks back over the prior week. Flashback 1: quick skim over the Communist Manifesto, discovery, Sanchez and a few other hippos read over it in the mansion library wreckage, loved it, thought it'd be great to kick off their new club, and do. Back with Maria, one of Sanchez's mates keels over, then reverts back to a normal hippo, they feed him more cocaine and he's back - allusion to its day-long half-life, plus keeping all HSSR comrades supplied. Logistics. Closer now, a few weaker hippos panic; in the distance the troupe can see army vehicles and infantry on their way. Not too many - Sanches quails but feels he must keep his shit together for show. Flashback 2, shorter: putting together rudimentary coke infrastructure.Amassing library info; marvelling at how extensive it is; discussing future plans. They're swamped with info, especially Communist-based. They found the HSSR.Awakening Maria - observing the awakening process; failed first attempts; with Maria they get the propaganda proportions right.Garcia blunders in, mustering conscripts for attacking a nearby army outpost. He and the embryonic HSSR see all opposition as Capitalist Oppression.---Draft Drei"Bloody hell!" said Sanchez. "Look at all this stuff! Just how much does whats-is-face _have_?"The mansion was in an uproar. Sanchez and his hippo mates had spent an exhausting few hours bashing open one animal cage door after another, shouting you're-free-comrades-FREE at one imprisoned animal after another, feeling perplexed at the almost uniform response of incoherent horror-squeals from pretty much the lot, getting madder and madder at their new comrades' unconscionable lack of respect for their own liberation, until they finally realised their own drug-soaked sapience was a rare treasure indeed. Bloody "caw". Seriously. The nerve of some birds.Garcia entertained the troops for a merry half-hour, gently squeezing the torsos of a few of the nastier lab techs with his teeth for his compatriots' pleasure, telling the whitecoats over the sounds of their agony-squeals that yes of course I'll let you go but not until you tell me where you've hidden the rest of that powdery stuff you gave us, what was it, that _Handsome Joe's Proletariat Power Powder_? No your terror of Danilo's vengeance should you spill the beans on his precious new prototype doesn't concern me, he's not here, _I_ am, and I'll tear your fucking limbs off right here and now, see? No I'm not bluffing, I'll give a quick tug- oh-ohh. You humans are fragile.A few rounds of human-limb she-loves-me-she-loves-me-lots persusaion later, they at last had the combination to that gigantic mysterious safe set in one wall of the mansion's Happy Filter animal testing arena, nipped inside, dragged from within quite a few huge sacks of _Handsome Joe_, and fed it to one of the same birds Sanchez had felt so pissed off at earlier. It blinked and backflipped and started strobing like badly rendered CGI, then flolloped to the ground, collapsed like an empty coat, groaned, and said "Which one of you bastards smashed my front door in just now?"Sanchez felt rather bad at this, apologised, explained the situation, and the toucan perked right up. "Oh, fantastic! We're fighting back against those white-coated assholes? Count me in, baby!"Horror-squeal cure discovered, after that all went swimmingly, and within a few short hours, Sanchez found himself faced with some three thousand liberated lab animals of all species, rampaging throughout the entirety of Danilo's mansion, their beaks pulling threads from elaborate embroideries hanging down spare walls; gorging themselves senseless on the infinite conveyor belt of Swiss chocolate leading from one of the nearer kitchens and funnelling exquisite cocoa products directly into Danilo's bedroom; herding the subset of servants and security guards not escaped into one of the larger courtyards and either interrogating them with extreme violence or having a friendly natter to them, depending on the mood of the animal interrogator in question; or having a quick squizz through the library's infinte literary variety.Ah yes. The library. Holy _shit_. An hour or two ago Sanchez was waddling through the Kitchen Of Transcendental Bliss, he shook his head at the granite title gracing the kitchen's door frame, seriously, who thinks up these titles - then spent an astonishing half-hour tucking into a stainless steel table of abandoned vegetarian curries with deliciousness levels he'd thought possible only in Hippo Heaven. My _god._ They'd fed us crap and kept this delight for themselves. Every free day is a feast! Just wait until the others try this!He ate.Some considerable time later, a single tear of bliss rolled down his snout.How are humans capable of such cruelty, yet such beauty?His culinary reverie was interrupted by a great trumpeting and cawing of astonishment blasting off the mansion's library. Sanchez's ears swivelled and gave his curry-soaked brain a nudge.Something's up. Best check it out.He paused his feasting and trotted down to the library and _then_ the trouble kicked off.---Sanchez winced and attempted to pinch the bridge of his nose, discovering not for the first time that hippo feet are not conducive to this."All right all _right_," he said to a library circle of birds and hippies and hippos clutching books and so agitated they were practically vibrating. "Let's go over this one more time, yes? All those leaflets and things that those whitecoat humans kept throwing in our cages. 'Communism' and suchlike, right?""Right!" chorused the circle."You wanted to research more?""Right!" they bleated."And you read - what, exactly?""We found what started it!" said a caiman. "Marx!""And - what's a Marx?" asked Sanchez."_Who's_ a Marx!" declared one of the hippies. "Marx is a guy, hippo-dude."Sanchez swivelled his gaze at her. She looked like she'd stepped right out of a _Flower-Power-Hippie-Magnificence_ fashion catalogue, with bum-length auburn hair festooned with lovely flowers, still damp from a shower in one of Danilo's mammoth showers. She wore one of his lovingly stolen shimmery silk dressing gowns, which on her managed to actually do the figure-accentuate job it was designed for.Smoke twirled from a mighty bong set on the floor in front of her, next to the animals' precious sacks of _Handsome Joe_. She and several hippie mates sat in a rough circle around it, taking turns inhaling from a rubber hose attached to its top."A guy?" asked Sanchez. "What, as in a male human?""You got it, mega-molars," she giggled at him. She gave him a beatific smile. "Quite a guy. Fancy a toke?" She waggled the hose at him, bong smoke wafting from it. "Go ooon. You'll love it." Sanchez peered at it. "What is it?""Pot. Makes you feel groovy.""A drug?" Sanchez gave a start. "Oh! Like our _Handsome Joe_ powder? Or-" he could feel his mood darken "-like every other goddamn drug those whitecoats forced on us?""Nah man, it's all good!" she exclaimed. "We take it 'cos this stuff's amazin'." She giggled. She puffed. Her irises dilated. Her hippie neighbour gently took the hose from her hand and inhaled from it too. She leaned back and snuggled under the crook of his arm. "You'll like it," she smiled up at Sanchez."Yeah, but-" he could feel his mood darkening "-you other humans, you were never imprisoned here? That Danilo prick fed you the drugs that didn't kill us! You enjoyed them!""Yea true that," murmured her middle-aged male neighbour, a man looking not unlike Jeff Bridges, only laid-back. "Sorry man! But we're here for the perfect high! If someone offered you, like, a river with amazing gooey mud, beautiful lady hippos and grass so juicy you'd faint from it, like, wouldn't you say yeah?""Hm!" Sanchez had to admit the male human had a point. "Well-""-And we could make that happen!" said a third hippie. "Worker's paradise, baby." He too puffed from the shared bong. His eyes rolled back in his head."Yes! _Marx!_" snapped one of the caiman crocodiles. When a crocodile snaps at you, you stay snapped. Heads turned."Marx- er- What was your name?" Sanchez asked. "Name? I- right, right, those things," she said. She pawed at the dangly laminated name-and-data-tag hanging from the testing-collar still round her neck, identical to the tag-collar pair dangling from the necks of every last testing-lab animal present. She grabbed at it and with tremendous effort heaved the thing into her eyeshot. "'Megatron'."One of the hippies snorted but didn't say anything. "'Megatron'?" said Sanchez."Indeed. It says 'Megatron'," said Megatron."Nice ring to it!" said Sanchez. "What's on your mind, Ms. Megatron?""Wha- Marx! Yes." Ms. Megatron visibly re-railed her thoughts. "Mr. Sanchez. My colleagues and I have been investigating this mansion's local library. It's - unbelievable." She patted a book pyramid tottering next to her. Similar book piles swayed beside other animals also gulping great idea-mouthfuls. "It'll take us years to fully absorb its contents-""-Years?" Sanchez said, surprised. "How so? Surely humans wouldn't write more books than they could possibly read? What'd be the point?""You'd think so!" said Megatron. "But nevertheless. Ms. Rainbow here-" the auburn-hair girl chuckled and gave Sanchez a wave "-is quite correct. The ideology known as Marxism has quite a lot to say on the distribution of wealth - of exploitation, of oppression by the, the _bourgeoisie_-" she spat the word-"Sorry, the what?""It's what Mister Marx calls our whitecoated friends," she continued."I - see," said Sanchez. "Borejwah- er, what? Odd name. You sure? Back in the cages we all spent months listening to their talk, and I'd never heard them call each other that. 'Scientists', yes, 'mad playa' at times, 'oi dickhead' even more, but not- what you said-""It all fits, Sanchez!" Megatron tapped her Manifesto impatiently. "It's all in here! It goes on and on about how society has all these different levels, it calls them 'classes' - the aristocracy," she nodded at a huge portrait of Danilo reclining naked and oiled on a bed of battered swans still hanging from the library ceiling, far above them, the painting itself partially encrusted with vengeful technicolour bird poo but unlike his more reachable ground-level portraits, still irkingly non-torn-down, "who profit and exploit us, then the, er," she squinted at her book, "the, hang on, the - 'pro-le-tar-i-at' - that's us - who spend our lives being shafted by the bourg- the whitecoats." She sniffed at Sanchez. "Shafting us with their _Handsome Joe_.""God damn," breathed Sanchez. "That would explain a hell of a lot. But - people are dicks for lots of reasons. What makes you say Danilo and his goons are pro- pro-thingies?""That's what I thought!" she exclaimed. "Then I found this!" She held up a book. "So many of these books," she patted her pile, "discuss Marxist leaders. This human right here was the mightiest of them all." In one foreclaw the caiman brandished another volume, opened at a very particular page. It had a photo. A great big glossy colour one. It showed a middle-aged man with slicked-back black hair, a bushy moustache, a jolly pipe - and a stare. A domineering stare. A force-of-nature stare. It said "I shall skin your nation alive."In her other foreclaw she held up one of their precious sacks of _Handsome Joe_, giving special attention to the front cover design. The sack too had a picture. Sanchez had been vaguely aware of some patterning on these sacks, but until now more urgent matters had caught his attention, so for the first time he paid a good look at it. The sack showed a picture of the same man, same pipe, same moustache - except (1), _this_ moustache had a rather hefty coating of white powder crusting its lower reaches, and (2), _this_ stare was xtreme and gnarly and said "Party on, Wayne!"Megatron brandished the picture-pair to the group. "It's the same man!" she shouted.The animal circle resumed their hooting. "They're in league!" she bellowed. "The whitecoats are using his image-!""-Mocking us-!" shouted a toucan.""Sanchez stared and stared at the book photo. Thunder clapped in his mind. Well I'll be damned. Staring at _Handsome Joe_, he pawed at a nostril of his own, where a dusting of that same powder remained. He could feel that familiar fizzing kick off. But still - it didn't feel right -Sanchez frowned. "But - this makes no sense! _Handsome Joe_ let us overthrow the whitecoats! Why would they feed it to us?""What's it matter?" said a hippo. "We beat them! We're in charge now, right?""Of course it matters!" snapped Sanchez, feeling annoyed. "Look! Look. Everyone." He beckoned the ring of angry animals in closer around him, inviting them all to listen and listen good. "Yeah. We kicked their asses, freed everyone, We're safe _now_ - but for how long? You lot searched the security guard bodies after the big battle, didn't you?" This to a group of threadbare Great Danes panting in the tropical heat with their big floppy tongues."Yeah yeah Sanchez we did-""-Right, and Danilo's body wasn't there! He escaped! Garcia's leading a group of stout lads and they're searching for him now - but - chances are Danilo will be back. With more guards, and more guns, and more death." Sanchez stared down the unfortunate hippo. "That's why I want to know! Our survival is kind of important, er-" - _downglance_ - "-Kirov?"Kirov stared back at Sanchez."You understand me? No? Come on, talk to me-"The hippo flapped its ears at Sanchez, grunted, yawned, glanced around the animal circle, fixed its eyes on a _Handsome Joe_ sack, nuzzled it, looked pleadingly at Sanchez, honked and grunted, headbutted the sack-Sanchez squizzed at him. "You all right, Kirov?"Kirov moaned and pawed at the sack again, then bit it."Kirov!" "I think he needs more," said Megatron.Kirov stared at her and whinnied and headbutted the sack.Sanchez darted forward. "Quick, help him-"Together, Sanchez and Megatron tore the sack open and ladled _Handsome Joe_ into Kirov's nostrils.Kirov huffed. A pair of generous powder-dollops vacuumed away. He squealed. He shot ceilingward like he'd imbibed an _Asterix_ magic potion. He descended and hit the polished marble library floor, cracking it. He bucked and roared and vibrated like a washing machine on spin cycle, nudging neighbouring animals this way and that.At last he came to a halt. He snuffled up huge air-sniffs, then stared right back at Sanchez. "Right. That's better!" He punched the air and stared Sanchez in the eye. "I missed quite a bit of that! What were you saying?""Dude. Kirov!" Sanchez said. "You all right? What happened?"Kirov rubbed his nostrils and nodded at _Handsome Joe_. "Uh - I think it wore off, man.""_Handsome Joe_ wears off?" Sanchez gave a start."Yeah. Horrible!" Kirov shook himself. "I could feel this confused jumble of instincts, but couldn't articulate a thing!""My god. Um - how long does it last? Anyone else feel like they're about to conk out?"The crowd rhubarbed for a few seconds. A bloodhound raised her forepaw and said yeah I'm feeling a bit dizzyaahahrrarrwuffwuffwuff, her neighbours applied _Handsome Joe_, wuffwuffwuawwaahhaaaohaohhmy _god_ that was awful I could _feel_ my mind dissolving-"You too, what's yours say, er, Mr. Dreadful? Anyone else?" Sanchez stamped. "That does it!" The crowd chatter dropped to nothing. "How much more do we have?"A cursory group-murmur suggested their reserves totalled perhaps ten extra sacks in addition to the pile in their midst."Only ten, eh?" Sanchez gritted his teeth. "Only ten. Time to make more, sounds like. Anyone here know how this stuff is made?""Good question," said Megatron. "I'd wondered that too! We need to find out. Fast." She scratched her head, then broke into a coughing fit as a cloud of bong smoke wafted past her.Ms. Rainbow jerked into activity. "Pot! 'Sgood stuff! You sure you dudes and dudettes won't partake?" she giggled, waggling her hose once more and forming a sort of human puddle on the floor. "It's the best shit ever!" She coughed and flopped back and started snoozing.Sanchez and Megatron shared a glance."Have we ever," said one of the other hippos, "even _seen_ a human not high as hell on _something_? Where do they get theirs? You!" He nudged faux-Bridges. "How do you make your smoke-stuff, human?"Faux-Bridges goggled at her and blinked thoughtfully to himself. He grinned, popped off a peace gesture and flopped back and snoozed."Never mind those guys," said Sanchez, "they don't know about _Handsome Joe_.""What about the whitecoats?" said Megatron. "I believe Garcia left a few in interrogatable condition? Most limbs present?"Sanchez nodded at a few of the hippos. "Bring them here, would you?"Presently they returned, hulking hippos in two lines, frogmarching between them several diminutive lab techs still wearing their grubby white coats, hunched and trembling. The animal circle started a mighty harrumphing and hissing at their entrance, eyes flashing, great wodges of trauma-memories stamping through their minds.The hippos forced the techs to their knees. They bleated."So!" said Sanchez. He strode down their line. They stared up at him.They look a hell of a lot less scary without their cattle prods."How are you talking?"Sanchez swivelled on his hind legs and stared down a particularly trembly young woman. "What?""You're talking," -squint- "Sanchez," she quavered. "I don't understand! How?""I'm asking the questions here." Sanchez held a sack to her face. "How do you make this?""Eh?" She blinked at Stalin's jolly party-face crowding her own. "What - _that_ stuff? The super-coke?""Yes if you like, now you'll tell us how to make it.""Um-" she chewed her lip. "I can if you like - but why that stuff? You're emulating Scarface?""-Who-?""WOUNDED ON THE WAY, AT THE DOUBLE LADS"Great harrumphs and jolly roars and hoof-tramping burst through the library French windows. Animal and human heads turned. The hippie-snooze-pile jerked from its slumber, blinked at the sound, and flopped back floorward. Sanchez found he'd lost his train of thought.Garcia led a posse of some dozens of dauntingly large and intimidating growly animals through the library outside doors. Still he limped from the foreleg wound, but still stamped onward, vibrating with bim. Most of his comrades stamped and snorted and backslapped one another, shouting with good cheer, albeit shaking with fatigue. Sweat blasted off those species capable of it; nevertheless, Garcia's dozens blundered into the library, tramping mud everywhere and upsetting shelves. Some limped, supported either side by their comrades, blood dripping from bullet wounds. The worst cases, Sanchez could see, were lolling their heads back and forth, woozy from blood loss, and clearly had difficulty staying conscious.Sanchez squinted up and down the group as more and more blundered their way into the library. No? No Danilo? They didn't find him? Or they did and he fought them off...?A good quarter of their number were also being herded by the others. Garcia and most of his comrades remained sparkly-eyed, articulate and jolly, but the remainder were operating on instinct alone. Depending on the species, they whinnied and honked and the flightier animals kept attempting to bolt. Their sentient cousins surrounding them kept soothing and shooshing them.Garcia barged his way through the animal ring. "Sanchez! Quick!" he snapped, stomping to a halt centimetres from Ms. Rainbow's face, apparently not noticing her. "The _Handsome Joe_ powder, where is it? Tell me!""Er, it's right here-" Sanchez gestured with his hoof at the sack pile-In a trice Garcia swept up the nearest sack, tore it open, spilling precious powder everywhere, and stamped down the length of his patrol, shovelling the stuff down his comrades' gullets. One after another, the animals harrumphed and catapulted back to sapience, much like Messrs Kirov and Dreadful minutes prior.Garcia stared into the eyes of each in turn. "Good!" he roared, at last satisfied. "You lot," this to Sanchez's circle, staring goggle-eyed at the new wounded, "make yourselves useful, my boys are suffering! Wounded! Help them!" They shot up like a gunshot spooking sparrows, claws scrabbling on the smooth marble depending on species, and raced around the worst wounded, easing them to the floor.Garcia rounded on Sanchez at speeds impressive for an animal with his bulk. "For all your fine talk of reading through this library and learning the humans' secrets", he snapped, "has it been of value? Have you discovered an antidote for bullets?"Sanchez blinked, feeling a tad affronted, swallowed it, then in turn rounded on the animal guzzling the library's literary secrets. "Any of you?" he snapped. "Anything medical? Hurry!"A pelican raised a wing. "I-I've got s-something Mister Sanchez!" she stuttered. "Books called, called um 'First Aid'-"Presently the animal crowds, directed by the pelican who at first seemed to writhe at the thought of telling crowds that size what to do but soon warmed to it like a fish to water, trawled the mansion for medical supplies, busted open a first aid cabinet nearby, pulled out bandages and tweezers and other relevant clinical bits and bobs, extracted bullets buried inside animal haunches, and applied whatever stitches, poultices, topical ointments, wrappings and dressings that the pelican, reading from her First Aid manual, read out.The wounded animals tested their legs and nodded to Garcia that why yes they did indeed feel better. Morphine, what's that, Ms. Pelican? Um, if you say so- oh dear god that is bliss-At last Garcia, seeing his comrades attended to at last, visibly relaxed. "Sanchez!" he bellowed, all smiles now. He reared up on his hind legs and clapped Sanchez on the shoulder, all matey-like. "My brother! We bring news!"Sanchez kicked himself for feeling annoyed at Garcia's earlier brusqueness. Of course he'd be upset about his soldiers' wounds. With an effort he composed himself and re-railed his thoughts. "What happened, Garcia? Who shot at you-?"Garcia shot a glare at a _Handsome Joe_ sack. "Our powder has a half-life," he said. "I'll not have my best soldiers fall apart on me in the heat of battle. It is intolerable.""Er, yes, I know," said Sanchez. "We were discussing that when you arrived-""I'll not have it," repeated Garcia, looming over him. "You'll assemble a task force to produce more, soon as you can. Basic _Art of War_, that. Without a steady supply, we, that is to say, our entire group, are utterly helpless."A hooplah of animals clustered around the remaining sacks. Already many of the animals first to sample _Handsome Joe_, i.e. every single hippo, had found their mental faculties tdissolving until a second dose returned their minds to furnace clarity."Speaking of which, I feel run-down myself-" Garcia strode into the animals' midst, plucked a pair of doses from a nearer sack, one trowel each, offered one to Sanchez, and together the duo inhaled."Superb!" Garcia dabbed his nostrils. "Right-""What _happened_ to you out there?" said Sanchez. He cocked a foreleg at Garcia's wounded, grouped under the library's central dome, now kicking back and relaxing and gobbling up vast stewpots of that vegetarian curry Sanchez had stumbled across earlier. More animals formed bucket chains from the nearest kitchens. The pelican and Ms. Megatron tottered under enormous recipe book cargoes beside the steaming stewpots, handing them out to interested animals, which considering the food quality was basically everyone. They flicked through book pages each more delicious than the last, cooing with pleasure at the culinary promises within. Groups budded off and traipsed to the kitchens, hungry for recipe ingredients. "What happened?" repeated Sanchez. "Did Danilo do this to your boys?"Garcia started, growled, his eyes flashed - then he paused, caught himself, and burst out laughing. "Yes. Yes!" he boomed. "Not Danilo himself - but apparently, it would seem, his friends." He rubbed a graze on his chest. "About fifty of us scouted along the main road leading from this place-" he nodded out the library stained glass windows depicting desert scenes of a cartoonishly muscular Danilo ladling out precious water to parched supermodels, with stained-glass observers reverently bleating _Boo-urns_ at him. Sanchez stared at their glassy speech bubbles, wondering what "Boo-urns" meant."-and we ran into a collection of scatterbrained peasants blocking the road," said Garcia. He smiled enough to show his molars. "Sandbags and machine guns and pickup trucks. They pointed their guns at us and shouted at us to halt. That was enough.""Hang on a sec-" Sanchez furrowed his brow in confusion. "You're sure they're friends of Garcia? Did they idenfity themselves?""They surely did," said Garcia. "They called themselves a cadre of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, whatever that is. Initially they thought we were simply escaped lab animals - but my patience with the notion of remaining cowed and subservient wears thin. I demanded they allow us free passage.""Golly," said Sanchez. "And how'd they take that?""Poorly." Garcia helped himself to a serving of vegetarian curry. "The hoi polloi goggled at us - but their captain, once he heard us speak, shouted the following - 'Danilo TOLD us about you!'""Oho!" chortled Sanchez. "So they _are_ bourgwah- um, how'd it go...""Oh? What are you referring to?"Sanchez explained, calling over Ms. Megatron, getting 'bourgeoisie' right,leafing through her Stalin-book and showing Garcia his face and comparing it with _Handsome Joe_'s.The huge hippo stared at it for a few seconds. "Hm!" he said at last. "That explains a fair amount.""Indeed," said Sanchez. "So what did these, er, oh this is ridiculous," he stared at Ms. Megatron's Stalin-book once more, "these, these _bourgeoisie_ do next?""Their captain commanded them to open fire, of course. He shouted 'Danilo sends his regards!' Moving fifty people into the jungle either side of the road is not something that can be done instantly - so we charged them." Garcia rubbed the grazes on his chest, looking smug. "They discovered at their cost that hippo hide is rather tougher than human hide." His expression changed to one of pain and he glanced at the groups of wounded comrades in the library's centre - wounded horses, tigers, zebras, dogs and ostriches, many coats still red with blood. "Other species are not so fortunate. We lost eleven of our best lads."Sanchez felt a kick to his stomach. His mouth open and shut a few times. "I - I don't know what to say-""I do." Garcia started looming again, apparently without conscious effort. "We need numbers. We need recruits. Fast." He kicked one of the few _Handsome Joe_ sacks still unopened. "We need more of our Stalin powder.""It just so happens we were interrogating a few of those whitecoats about that very topic-"Garcia glanced at the sorry row of scientists, still cowering at the mad animal crush around them. "Good man. We'll require a thousand sacks a day. See to it."What, _how_ many? "A _thousand_?""Increasing to ten thousand by the end of the month."Sanchez spluttered. Garcia regarded him coolly."What," said Garcia at last, "do you think is going to happen to us? We're alone. We are penned in on all sides. Danilo has allies everywhere!""Yes, of course, but-""No buts!" Garcia darkened further. "We awakened every single lab animal in the space of two hours. Three thousand fight for us! But then what? We'll be gunned down in our sleep? No. We need numbers."Sanchez paused. "Um. Yes, but I can't magic them-"Garcia waved a foreleg at the scientists. "They still have unplucked limbs. Torture them until they tell you how - yes, you heard me, miserable lice," said Garcia at the scientists, who by now were quivering with fear at him. "You'll tell us what we need to know. For the good of hippos everywhere.""Wait!" bleated a scientist. "Don't torture us! We'll tell you!"Garcia grinned at her. "Oh yes? You will, will you?""Yes! Um-" she started shaking."Good girl." Garcia loomed over her, this time obviously doing it deliberately. "Start talking.""Well-" she paused in thought, moving her lips. "To - if you want to - make a thousand sacks of _Handsome Joe_ a day, you'll need to - let's see, have about, what, twenty million acres of coca, um, maybe fifty million dollars of processing equipment-"Things yet to add:* Hippos, being the biggest and strongest, are leading.* Sanchez is bombarded with a thousand stimuli at once. Freedom, intelligence, the *right* drugs, prisoners of all kinds - evil lab techs, servants, security guards. The library and its million billion literary gems. The disgusting lavishness of the mansion proper. Most animals weren't born in the labs and have memories of Outside, nature and so on, but about a third have none at all. The labs and the Dosing is all they knew. He and they feel overwhelmed.* Viewpoints jostle for attention. A great council.* At some point devote a line or three to Garcia noticing the existence of the book _Animal Farm_, leafing through it, raising an eyebrow at its contents, and squirrelling it away.* Sanchez, aided by Ms. Megatron, suggest forming the HSSR.* What about the hippies? What does Garcia think of them?Draft SweiGrass, Sanchez decided to himself, is uncomplicated. Grass is sturdy and simple and treats you as an equal. Squelch up and out of some lovely river mud and onto the savannah, and there it is in front of you, shimmering and green and delicate, eat-me-eat-me fragrances wafting off it. It doesn't crowd you or dwarf you. Grass can extend to the horizon and you don't think oh god I'm outnumbered or feel overwhelmed and insignificant and a tiny hippo dot amongst looming peaks, you just think of the glorious feasts to come and call your mates over and fix bayonets and charge right in and get chomping.But just you try that on the written word and it chomps right back at you. Scoff down a page of words and its neighbours follow suit and leap down your throat until you cry mercy. Consume a nice book on, say, that Marx bloke, and you feel a craving for Economics. For _Das Kapital_ - for Germany, for Industrialism, for _lumpenproletariat_, for- goodness, the concepts blundering around his mind jostled for prominence, each clamouring Research mee_eee_-! For about the eighth time that morning his hindbrain felt distended and overfull.More on the giant vistas of knowledge around him, Sanchez feels intimidated by it all. So do his colleagues.Er- he thought to himself - I can see a library section marked "economics" a few shelves over, once I'm done with this book on - he glanced at the cover - "cybernetics" - I can discover what this Mister Marx thinks is so important about "economics".He and a few others had been spending at first a jolly and then an increasingly worrying morning doing their now usual swamp routine on Danilo's library, figuring an entire day should be plenty long for only a very few thousand volumes, overwhelming their latest prize like they'd done on their old labs, security, Danilo himself, the mansion grounds - and discovering the hard way that nah that's not gonna happen. Even _one_ book takes a solid day of furious concentration. Your mind sparkles with possibility and ambitious plans, and Sanchez and his mates spent an astonishing morning sifting through the library's literary treasures, their info damn near burning brilliant holes in their heads as a world they'd never dreamed of spilled through their hindbrains. Problem is, even the most mouth-foaming polyglot's brain eventually weighs heavy with its new cargo - and - smashes over your head about ten thousand reminders of things you don't know! What the hell does lumpenproletariat mean? What's a Germany? Is that related to Adam's book this morning? Germs? Microbiology? There's a "biology" section - but at this rate we'll take years to learn it all! For not the first time that day Sanchez began to feel ever so teensy, adrift in a fascinating and daunting and bloody overwhelming knowledge ocean.He stared moodily at Jane. Let's squeeze some worth from our captives, eh? "Remind me again," he asked of the human chained to a library pillar, "what 'lumpenproletariat' means.""Eh? 'Lumpen...'-?"Sanchez gestured at his copy of _The Communist Manifesto._ "Says here 'lumpenproletariat'.""Er-" said Jane, fiddling with the hem of her threadbare lab coat. "-I ain't rightly sure myself. I know what proletariat means-?"Sanchez considered this. "And what does 'proletariat' mean?""Um, 'underclass', I think. You know. They're exploited-""Oh-!" An epiphany hit him. "Like us? All those lab tests?""I suppose so-"Sanchez brightened. This Marx seems made from the right stuff! I'm warming to him! He clambered to his feet and waddled to another hippo not far to his left, snout-deep in a shoulder-deep book snowdrift and glaring all astonished at her latest. Every so often she gave a faint bleat at its contents. "Wanda?" he said.Wanda remained unresponsive. He prodded her. She stirred, then jerked her vision at him. "Boss- have you _read_ this?" she squealed, waving the thing in his face. "It's incredible-!""This library has about a million incredible things. Priorities, you know! One at at time.""But just you-""Later, Wanda! In time we'll get through everything, don't you worry. But first we have to do what's best for us hippos." Wanda looked sullen but nodded at him. "I need you to read up on someone called-" he glanced at the Manifesto "-Karl Marx-"Wanda gurgled and visibly jumped. "That's him! That's him!""Eh? Sorry?""I'm reading his stuff too!" She squealed and gestured at her own book. "Just read this, man! He lays it all out! Bourgeousie assholes, proletariat underdogs - that's us by the way - why they're assholes, how to overthrow 'em, linking up with workers in other countries, everything.""Other - countries?""Well sure. Come on boss, _you_ remember - "They talk more about it, quote bits from the actual _Communist Manifesto_, and decide it's just super! It explains our situation so well! Hand in glove.The HSSR begins its formation. Read up more on the Manifesto, maybe Das Kapital, more Marx stuff, find hooks, add hilarious misunderstandings of those hooks back in C1. Huge variety of species were in the drug labs and chatting in the library here, most hopping mad and drugged up. Revenge time! Ill-treatment by humans. Tales from all over the world, of us endangered species, of poaching, of oppression.Garcia arrives from a explore-patrol thingy, with many of the more aggressive hippos, fresh from stomping  They listen in, roar agreement with the other animals, and bay for bourgeois blood. So we take the fight to them! But how? We are so few! They are so many! Again, channel the hippos as being innocent pipsqueaks surrounded by gigantic machineries of oppression.In C1, have a quick reference to Garcia, mid-liberate, feel dizzy and slow and grind almost to a halt, then snort coke and he's back in the game. Garcia's unsurprised - he's been on the stuff the longest and knows how it works. Only a line or two, hurr hurr, and don't explain his action to the reader.It happens again with Sanchez now, mid-sentence. He's anxious and feels frustrated at his lack of articulacy, then at at almost keeling over. He snorts a quick line, jazzes back up, finishes his sentence. His audience are taken aback somewhat - some hippos, only activated recently, still new to powder-based sentience; other, new animals, were only activated that day, and dismayed to discover it's not permanent. We need to take this shit regular?Garcia snarls them back. Comrade Stalin giveth, he says, and Comrade Stalin taketh away! C1 reference: the whole reason the hippos jazzed up in the first place is that a sack of the *really* good cocaine got into their lab testing supply. _Crazy Joe's Proletariat Protein Powder._ Possible subplot: Danilo thinks his new super-duper drug, Substance X, is actually responsible for their sentience. Actually thaGarcia pounds tables, has the floor - the HSSR is cornered. Mood: nervous. Quick! We need numbers! From where? Could we not feed this same powder stuff to our extra-mansion animal comrades?Testing time. They drag a group of caiman from the nearby river, Rio Orinoco. They seem tough. They force-feed a bit to the first. It reclines, and starts calling for the wine and the voluptuous prostitutes with breasts like melons and only the finest scales. Odd! Garcia darkens. They try another. She starts hollering that she'll outcode Gates any day. Garcia snarls.A toucan points out that the bits of the stadium-like library they're in have, respectively, a panorama of the last days of Rome, whoever that is, and some sort of alcove with Microsoft Solution Provider above, plus '90s PCs (hint to the reader that Danilo had a techie phase). Oh, of course! Imprinting. Callback to the huge reliefs of Stalin towering above the lab animals - Danilo just being a dick. Allude to his ongoing dickishness in C1 too. Okay. So now we understand how to best mould our new arrivals. They gather the right propaganda, awaken Maria, and flash it in his face. He jerks to life. He's dark and stroppy yet intelligent and cheerful and - knowledgeable, in the good Correct Communist way - and just as full of stories as the rest. Success! We multiply! Relief radiates from the gang. We'll survive bourgeois oppression yet. Garcia whips the group into a frenzy. Sanchez feels pained at this - but gets cracking with organisation. The ground work, the logistics. Ugh, this ain't working. We need more of a whirlwind. See beginning of Draft Drei.Draft EinSeven muscular-looking hippopotamuses thrashed their burly way up and out of the waters of the Rio Orinoco, the river bordering Venezuela and Colombia, its muddy waters streaming down their bodies, noon sun glaring harsh on their skin, heads replete with great floppy hammer-and-sickle berets. The hippos stomped forth on rear legs only, for in their midst struggled a gigantic caiman crocodile, legs wiggling, jaw snapping, yet pincered secure between forelegs and under armpits. With their sergeant bellowing "Heave, comrade-privates, heave!" the hippo troupe bodily hefted the beast squelching through deep sucking mud, up and over the river's banks and onto a sort of grassy plateau area, a clearing in the steaming jungle. Hippos and many other animal species trotted over it in busy groups, carrying other animals, vegetation, building materials, the works. Other clearings could be spied not far off, and from them came bangy construction noises and brayings of animal labour.Comrade-Private Sanchez grasped caiman foreleg under one arm and did his damndest to haul his weight. Pull, pull! Come on, we can get our prize back to camp, I'm sure of it! What does Sarge keep saying? Viva revolution, right? He panted and puffed and felt his tummy rumbling after the morning's meagre breakfast and wished there'd been more to gobble. Still, that's what Command must have meant when they spoke of Noble Sacrifices for the Greater Good, right? Of Brave Comrades All, of, er, Making Revolution? Making Revolution is good, isn't it? He set his jaw and tried to feel like the Heroes Of The Revolution that fat old hippo from last night bleated at us about, reading from that book and distributing that ambrosia-powder-stuff for us all to sniff up and reinvigorate. What did she say? Be worthy of, um, Comrade Stalin? I think? I wonder who this Stalin bloke is? All the elders speak of him like his tusks could cleave the entire world in two. He must be amazing. His tummy rumbled again. He felt a hollow, light-hearted feeling in his innards, wished once more for a nice juicy meal, then decided that such selfishness was unworthy of a Hero Worker. Several other caimans followed the group exiting the water, hopeful for a snappy bite of hippo meat, but a few dozen well-aimed kicks sent them sprawling back with a hefty splash."Easy does it, comrade-privates," bawled their sergeant, "those caimans are our future allies. In time, they too will stand tall beside us, comrades in arms," he roared. "In time they too will take up the mantle of permanent revolution aargh get out of it you dirty bugger!" This to a hitherto unseen caiman now clamped snarling around his back leg.He shook and danced and kicked with his three other legs but failed to detach it. It flashed its eyes at him and dug deeper. "Argh!" he howled. "Get this bloody thing off!"His subordinates dropped their reptilian cargo and clustered around their leader, wringing their hands and looking helpless. Sanchez's thoughts whirred. Quick, the Oracle library back at the mansion! Whoever wrote all those books knows everything - oo, I know -"Stick a pen up its ass!" he at last bleated. The others turned and stared at him. He opened and shut his mouth a few times. "It works on dogs, doesn't it?" he stammered. "Why not caimans?""You damn fools!" their sergeant hooted. "Our caiman's getting away!" And so it was, on its feet in a trice, slithering back to river safety at top speed. "Comrade-private Sanchez, get it!"Sanchez yelped, leaped sideways and divebombed the thing, bam. "Got it sir!""Nice work, comrade-private," moaned the sergeant. "Shit, these jaws, lucky our skin can stop bullets or I'd be in real trouble ... what did you say, comrade-private? A pen? What?"Sanchez paused again, feeling a wee bit nervous. "I don't rightly know what a pen is, sir," he ventured, "but a book in the Oracle library had a passage about, if you get attacked by a dog, you-""Hold it," snapped the sergeant. "What's, argh, a dog, comrade-private?""Er, those furry snuffly things we found in the zoo, sir! The one and only animal our Ambrosia powder has no effect on?""Oh those things! See, comrades, if we pool our knowledge - argh - there is no intellectual height we cannot - shit - scale. Dogs, now biros - go on...""So the book," said Sanchez, feeling rather out of his depth but yearning to help, "says should a 'dog' attack you, simply insert a 'pen' and it pisses off."The sergeant regarded him stonily. "And you don't know what a pen is.""Uh no sir." Shit."Right." Sarge stared back just a little too long. "And no-one else does? No? Try - aah - a stick, then.""Maybe that's what a pen is, sir!" wheedled another hippo. "An anti-bitey stick?""Could be!" said another. The remaining troupe chattered with agreement and fanned out and scrounged up a stick of the appropriate width. Shove. Detach. Success.The sergeant leapt to his feet and gave the caiman an almighty kick. It tumbled some metres and plopped back into the river. "Bloody ingrate! Enemy of the Proletariat!" the sergeant roared after it, blasting the air with his rage. Trees slapped backwards. "We're here to HELP you entitled bastards!" He rubbed his leg. "Damned kulak. One more for the troika lists, eh comrades? Eh?" He cackled. "Good work, comrade-private!" the sergeant nodded at Sanchez. "Stalin would be proud. There'll be an extra helping at dinner for you."A great big dollop of pleasure washed over Sanchez. I did it! I did it! he squeaked to himself. I Made Revolution!"Now where were we?" their sergeant rumbled to himself. "Ah yes. Shoulder our future comrade-caiman!" The troupe hefted their snappy passenger, only slightly bruised from its Sanchez-squishing. "Onward!"The caimanned troupe blundered its way across the jungle clearing, up a slope of some very recently uprooted rainforest palms, crashing through vine-choked gaps, caiman passenger squirming all the while. Up another slope they stomped, dislodging frisky parrot flocks chattering angrily at them, mostly raw animal noises but a few genuine cries of "Watch where you're going you rude pricks! We're trying to have lunch here!"Off they stomped in the direction of a low ridge some minutes yonder - then down it and through into another jungle clearing, this one much larger, this one a throbbing hive of industry and construction. Dozens of hippos clustered and thronged around broad artificial pools with aqueducted river water entering one end and exiting the other, the better to Maintain Hygiene, most important in a good Communist. A great scarlet banner proclaiming the message Revolutionary Wild Comrade Mustering Station Thirty-Seven flapped in the breeze at one end. Other teams tramped in and out with what looked like half the Amazon rainforest uprooted and flung on their hefty backs. Canopies and root systems and all, the timber teams dumped their leafy loads and chiselled branch and vine detritus off the long poley tree trunks with great jaw-swipes. They scraped miscellaneous vegetation cascading into one massive pile, then dropped trunks into neatly stacked pyramids to dry for future construction. A mixed bag of hundreds of different species formed an orderly queue beyond the lush buffet of the vege pile, predators and prey lining up most civilised, and you could see why - a double line of great burly hippos with nasty-looking sticks and hammer-and-sickle berets flanked each side, and judging from the way they whooshed their sticks around on a regular basis, were clearly champing at the bit to deal serious whacky to the slightest sign of assertion or independent thought. Even as Sanchez tramped past, a condor lost her shit and took a sickening lunge at her toucan neighbour, before a hippo moved fast and clubbed her beak aside. Three hippos were on her in a trice and bundled her away from the queue, while she thrashed helpless in their forearms shrieking "I'm a carnivore you sadistic assholes! I can't eat your plants, I'm starving!""How dare you betray the Revolution!" one of her captors thundered. "Murdering loyal comrades? We'll weed out you capitalist spies soon enough. It's a show trial for you, my darlin'!" The other two captors brayed with spittly laughter.Bloody hell! Sanchez sweated to himself, staring at them. These spies are everywhere! I wonder why capitalists hate us so much? What did we ever do to them? But ... can birds really not eat plants? That condor looked so very hungry. Those parrots we passed just back there were gobbling down berries! I don't get it. His brow wrinkled. What's wrong with nice yummy bush? As he and the troupe stamped onward, resident caiman wiggling insolently, he mulled the conflicting thoughts over. They should make more of an effort, he decided at last. I can scoff down bush just fine. I can Make Revolution, don'tchaknow? His eyes sparkled at the thought and he chortled to himself, feeling rather proud.Many of the nearer queue members appeared rather sullen at the condor's outburst and capture, and tried not to catch anyone's eye. The bereted hippos alongside them growled and tried to look even fiercer. Those queue members at the front, though, they stumbled forward and leaped upon every last bit of vegetation dumped by the tree-carriers, then fanned out with their new feasts to various long buildings nearby, log-cabin-ish, evidently constructed from last week's lumberjack labours. Sanchez stared longingly after them, his tummy almost a continuous raw growl.Still further away across the huge clearing, groups of burlier, more muscular-looking animals, mostly hippos but a few others, panthers, jaguars, more condors, you name it, they queued in another mighty line and clutched at smaller, squirming animals, struggling under captor arms. Difficult to spy out at this distance, but great commotion could be seen at the queue's head, where additional hippos could be seen handling blindingly white sacks. Every few seconds the queue rippled forward.The sergeant grinned, a hell of a sight from a hippo. "Does the sight not warm the cockles of your heart?" he trumpeted. "Building Communism! Building Revolution! With luck we'll blanket the world in no time, praise be to Stalin." The troupe gave a ragged cheer. "Onward!" He directed his team to the distant queue's rear.In no time at all they found themselves near its head. Sanchez stood right up on tippytoes, wondering what the hell was going on in front, trying like hell to strain over the top of some great big fat hippo in the troupe before them, blocking his view. No dice. He pouted. Then, oo, a thought."Sergeant? What's-"The troupe's sergeant, grasping the caiman's other foreleg, growled and snapped at Sanchez. "Comrade-private Sanchez! You will address me by my proper rank!"Oh shit yes that's right, "Sorry comrade-sergeant sir!""That's better. Don't you forget that, comrade-private.""Yes sir sorry sir.""Indeed. Now, your question?""Er yes comrade-sergeant." Sanchez paused again. "That banner - are there really 37 of these camps here? Where are the others, sir?"Several other hippos in the troupe tittered. "What!" Sarge thundered. "This was the very topic at our battalion's morning seminar! The Bits Of South America We Have Already Kicked The Shit Out Of, And The Bits We're About To. Did you not attend it?""Er no sir, a group of humans attacked my unit's shed-""-Ah?"Shit, yes, use the Correct language. "Sorry sir, capitalist pigs sir!" Sanchez bleated. "They attacked my unit's shed this morning-"A nearby splutter. "How dare you!" screeched several of a mob of burly bush pigs trotting past, all cactus-thorn hair and crowbar trotters and pneumatic smell, shouldering what appeared to be ill-maintained Kalashnikovs. They too stood replete with great floppy hammer-and-sickle berets, just like the hippo guards. "Nothing wrong with being a pig!" their leader declared, trotting up to Sarge and eyeballing him from a metre below. "Educate your charges!" She nodded at Sanchez like a bar fight headbutt. "Especially that one. I've got my eye on you, sunshine." Sarge stared right back, apparently unruffled and not giving an inch. "Apologies, comrade," he rumbled. "The comrade-private here was quoting Stalin himself."The bush pig met Sarge's hard gaze for a few long seconds. "Right," she said at last. "Stalin, eh? Right. Stalin." A pause. "You just watch it, sonny boy." She led her pack off. "This way, my porcine comrades," she said loud enough for most of the queue to hear, particularly the double guard line. "Command favours us pigs over hippos for the Trinidad-and-Tobago amphibious landings," she shouted. "Some of us can recognise talent. Some of us aren't so speciesist!" she spat."And some of us have the smarts not to end up as cannon fodder!" roared Sarge, as the pig troupe stomped off and away. "Fools," he said to their backs. "Dead by tomorrow, you mark my words." The nearest queue guards cackled at this. "Our Revolution's only three weeks old and already bits of it are going to the dogs _not a word out of you lot_," this to a pack of big snarley attack dogs trotting past, great floppy tongues all over the place. "Now - Sanchez - that missed seminar?""Yes sir! I couldn't attend.""Hm!" said Sarge. "When were you activated?""Right at the Revolution's start, Sarge! Three weeks ago."Sarge gave Sanchez an appraising glance. "Oh really?" he rumbled. "You were one of our First Fifty, were you?" He gave a bark of laughter. "Now why are you a private? Why not one of the generals leading the assault on Caracas, then?""Er dunno sir. Er, what's a Caracas?""Ha, point proved, say no more." Sarge paused. "Hmm. Sorry lad," he said, his steel-wool facade dropping for a quick sec. "That was a bit harsh.""Er yes sir." It was? What's Sarge on about? wondered Sanchez."But to answer your question, we've got a hell of a lot more than just 37 of these camps. They're all over the place. Up and down the Orinoco, in the jungle, on seashores, everywhere, sited strategically, sited for recruitment." Sarge gave their caiman a pat. "I got activated two days into the Revolution's start, downriver from your plantation-""Then me!" burbled another of the troupe, behind Sanchez. "And me!" said another."You will not interrupt a superior officer," said Sarge, but without any malice. He grinned. "But how many hippos are there in all of South America? A few hundred? Maybe more in zoos? Can't launch worldwide revolution with a pittance like that. So we vacuum up brother and sister soon-to-be-revolutionaries like this bad boy here." He gave the caiman another cuff. It twitched. "And we Activate them, and millions more just like it." Sarge glared at the heaving swarms of biological comrade-dom bombarding the food pile to their left like the world's screechiest waterfall. "And now we have an army! Too bloody uppity by half, though. We've let a lot of riff-raff in, far too much, you saw those cheeky piggies giving you lip. Once we've got a nice stable State we'll put a stop to that - but big sturdy reptiles like our friend here are welcome any day. That answer you?""Yes sir!" Sanchez felt his brain fizzing with questions. First, though, "Er, but what-""Right, we're here," harrumphed Sarge. "In good time, comrade-private. Squa-aaad! At the ready!" Before them was a raised granite platform, standing square about a metre above the clearing jungle grass, with crude, broad stone steps ramping up each face. Great scarlet banners stood proud atop it, flapping in the equatorial breeze, emblazoned with the standard hammer-and-sickles and majestic photos of hippo yawns. Exiting stage right bustled the hippo group previously ahead of them in the queue, formerly holding a wild cobra coiled around their limbs like wool, but now they slapped the comrade-snakey on what passed for its back and invited it, Sanchez couldn't help but eavesdrop, for a nice drinkie down the local boozer. Wouldn't mind that myself, he mused. His tummy went all squirmy again.Remaining on the platform itself waddled about thirty hippos in crimson ceremonial robes with pictures of - Sanchez stared closer - I dunno, some old human, on them. Nice moustache. About two thirds of them clamped large-print _I Heart Commies_ and _Ceiling Cat Iz Watchin U Undrmyn Bawjwarzee_ propaganda posters under their forelegs. Others held dusty sacks and trowels. A mighty mound of extra sacks piled at the platform's rear, ringed by the largest hippos Sanchez had ever seen. Crack, ha, bodyguards. The robed hippos seemed to be divided into several groups, each group handling one queue member at a time. Ragged crowd of assorted hollow-eyed animals frothed around nearby, hooting and braying, staring at the things with yearning, hopeful looks. Every few seconds one would summon up desperate courage and try sproinging up and over the guards and divebomb the sack pile nostril-first, but as Sanchez watched, one after another after another was snatched mid-air by one or more hippo guards and found themselves hurled back into the surrounding jungle at high speed. A distinct floury carpet dusted much of the platform.The nearest enrobed hippo group stared for a wee sec at Sanchez's troupe. Their leader scratched its nose. "Approach us," one mumbled. It sounded like a throaty asthmatic tomb. "Get a move on mate ... hell of a queue behind you."Sarge stamped forward, swelling with pride, using his caiman cargo to tug-o-war his underlings forward also. He snapped to razorbacked attention, vibrating with military zeal, with an almighty effort thrust his chest further out than his tummy, windmilled his right foreleg around several dozen times, and finally slammed it against his temple with an audible thwack. "Comrade-general!" he barked. "Comrade-sergeant Garcia reporting, commanding Molar Squad Seven of the 19th Heavy Battalion, the fightin' Starsnstripes! We-""The ... what?" wheezed the enrobed hippo. "Explain, my good man.""The Starsnstripes, comrade-general," said Sarge. "We 19thers picked the name by common ballot not two evenings past. Those of Comrade Stalin's writings still in our possession speak of little else-""A most curious name. What, er, does it mean?""We are ... not entirely sure. Our Oracle library fragments did not furnish us with a definition, only of Comrade Stalin's passion for it." Sarge sounded a tad uncertain. Then he rallied. "But we will make him proud!" He thumped his chest, hard. It rippled like that scene in _The Matrix_ when Trinity's helicopter hit that skyscraper. "We too will earn his passion for starsnstripes!""I ... see, sergeant." Sarge twitched at this. "Your attitude does you credit. Let us take a gander at our new guest.""We bring you another glorious comrade!" Sarge barked. "Viva revolution-""Yes yes come on," the general said. "Zap away and then we can have a spot of lunch." To a subordinate cowering behind it, "Pan-fried alfalfa today, I believe? Indeed? And caramelised lawn clippings for dessert? Superb!" He coughed. "Bring our, ah, guest forward, sergeant."Sarge twitched again and hissed slightly, but gave the relevant orders. In a trice the troupe swivelled the caiman on its back and held its jaw firmly shut. The robed hippo dug a generous trowel-load of white powdery stuff from a nearby sack; the hippos with propaganda posters grabbed them steady and held the things over their heads. Sanchez looked at the powder with interest. The Ambrosia! The Activator! Amazing stuff, that. The guard ring sneered at him."That's it, that's it, hold its jaw shut, good man," mumbled the general. "Make him breathe through his nose-" He held the trowel steady below the caiman's nostrils. For some seconds it thrashed and twitched - then inhaled half the trowel in one huge sucking gasp.The entire caiman thrashed like 50,000 volts straight to the left nipple. It roared and twisted and Hitachi-worthy tremors squirmed through it. Various troupe members got flung tumbling, rolling over and off the granite platform, getting a big braying laugh from the guard ring."Now the posters, faster, faster!" the general ordered. "While the Ambrosia reforms its brain, quick!" The hippos holding the posters thrust them back and forth and waved them into the caiman's flashing eyes, one after another. "That's it, gentlemen, imprint Comrade Stalin's teachings, quickly Esparza, bit more of your Crush Capitalist Scum, no no too much, it's damn near rabid now, Vasquez, flash more Worker's Paradise, better, now Ortega, your Empower Proletariat sign, superb-"The caiman mellowed a tad and started hissing and growling. "sssssarsshhhssarghohbloodyhellssiisaaaahrrghrrrwhatahigh-" Its eyes swam and rolled. My goodness, Sanchez noted, peering into its eye, its head jumping and jiving right next to his face, can I actually see hammer-and-sickles in there...?Sarge looked on from its other side all satisfied, standing braced, pincer grip on its foreleg. "Yes, that's it, let the Ambrosia do its work..."The caiman gave one or two more mighty heaves. Sanchez found himself flung around and up and down like a feather-light yo-yo, but clung to the caiman's other foreleg nonetheless. Sarge stood steadfast.Silence.The caiman stared this way and that, glaring at each troupe member in turn with its great dark eyes. Then, "Which one of you bastards sat on my tail?"Sanchez froze. "I-""First things first. Put our new comrade down, comrade-privates," ordered Sarge. "Gently!" They did so.The caiman, four metres of bitey snap, found itself face up and snow-angelling in stale cocaine. "I apologise, sir," said Sarge to it a tad gruffly, "for the manner in which you were brought here. And for your tail. You may have medical attention shortly-"It hissed. "I don't need no stinkin' medicine," it snapped. It sprang onto its back, then up and onto its hind legs, bipedal emulation. "Except for that powder. That shit's the _shit_." It looked first the general and then Sarge dead in the eye. "So you boys and girls are ... Communists, eh?" It towered over Sarge, shoulders thrust back, forelegs ramrod stiff. "I enjoyed your crash course! Sentience and comradeship for all life-forms and bitey death to capitalist oppression? I'll totally get behind that. Sign me up!""I am ... t-the ranking officer here!" stammered the general, discovering their backs were facing him. "You will address me!""Cork it, grandad," said Bitey, over its shoulder. "I-""At attention, comrade-private!" bellowed Sarge. "You will not address a superior officer like that!"The caiman gave Sarge a long cool look. "Who exactly is in charge here? Not you?""I am, caiman!" wheezed the general. "I am a member of the First Fifty! The original menagerie members, the first to fall upon the Ambrosia, the first to break our masters' chains, the first to rise up and fight!"The caiman turned and faced him and attempted to raise a skeptical eyebrow and discovered the hard way it did not possess eyebrows, skeptical or gullible or snazzy, no, not even huge spiky ones like Ming the Merciless, and settled for opening one eye wider than the other. "Oh?"The general waved a panoramic foreleg about him, encompassing new recruit queue, feeding troughs, swimming pools, glaring guards, Mt. Coke, dormitories, factories, local boozers, training grounds, weapons dumps, swarming anthills of armies at their eternal war games, and shimmering tropical blue in the distance, the near edge of one of many billion-plant-strong coca plantations stretching to the horizon. "Yes! Oh. If not for me, none of this would be!"The caiman stared the general up and down and sniffed. "Is that so," it pondered. "Is that so indeed. You're first. I see. First. Meritocracy in action. Hm! Isn't that interesting." The caiman slouched a tad and scratched its stomach. "All right. Sign me up, general.""Good! Yes!" said the general. "As long as that is understood. Take over, Sergeant." He swivelled his bulk rearward without even the merest whiff of a farewell salute and retreated to his posse. "Lunch time!" His pack dropped propaganda signs right where they were and waddled off in the direction of one of the finer-looking food huts. "That alfalfa won't eat itself," the general murmured to one of its underlings. "Yes sir," it wheedled back, "you work so hard sir, you deserve a nice rest sir...!"Sarge glared at the retreating group for several long seconds. Sanchez could see his jaw moving a wee bit, seemingly mouthing words, Sanchez couldn't tell what. Finally Sarge visibly shook himself. "There are times," he said, apparently to the air, "that I seriously question our leaders' wisdom. If you'll come with us," this to the caiman, "we'll get you sworn in and equipped and assigned to a work group. This way! Comrade-private Sanchez, take down our new member's essentials en route. Get its name."Shit! Sanchez barely suppressed a yelp. Sarge trotted smartly off the granite platform, shouldering his way through animal crowds trotting everywhere, and off he marched in the direction of another, quite substantial log building some way off, with a banner above it saying STALIN WELCOMES OUR NEW COMRADES and with species of all types milling in and out, those entering having on them their birthday suit and little else, and those exiting bristling with expensive-looking kit and mad grins. The troupe scuttled after their sergeant.Sanchez began edging closer to the caiman. "...Er, hi!" he began.The caiman, now scuttling on all fours, snapped its head up at him. "You! It was you!" it hissed. "My tail, back at the river! That bloody hurt.""Aah! I'm sorry!" he bleated. "I was just following orders-"The caiman grinned. "Nah, don't trouble yourself, kid," it growled, not unkindly. "All in a day's work. Say, I've got mates back at the river who'd jump at the chance to sink teeth into a few of these capitalist douchebags." It turned its head this way and that, apparently scanning the nearby animal crowds going about their Revolutionary business. "No? No-one? Shame."That's odd, what's it playing at? "What are you looking for?" asked Sanchez."Oh, me using 'douchebags' as an insult made me think of your sergeant talking of capitalist pigs, and then pissing off those actual pigs back here.""Oh - so you can still recall your pre-Activation memories just fine?"The caiman cackled. "Looks like it! Can't you? But I was saying, you lot haven't started recruiting actual sentient douchebags, have you? No intelligent hygiene products walking about and mustering bloody Revolution?""Ha, no," laughed Sanchez. "...Hang on." He frowned. "How does a caiman know what a douchebag is?""River tourists talk," it said darkly. "They talk about all sorts of things. Things that stick right in my craw. Like how the skin of that, ha, alligatory lizard thing sunning itself on that river bank over there would make the most gorgeous boots, dahling. Or how they can't be bothered hauling around this damn rubbish, oh just chuck it overboard, dump it on the fish." The caiman grimaced, then chuckled. "Like I said, my mates will be all too keen to sign up." It gave Sanchez a sly glance. "And how does a _hippo_ know what a douchebag is?""I was in a zoo," Sanchez grumbled. "It was awful. Just throw the leftovers and rubbish in there, they'd shout, the hippos will eat it. Same as you. And we did! We didn't know any better! Now we've risen up and thrown off their yolks. No more rancid eggs! Nice fresh ones.""Sorry to hear that, man." The caiman shook itself like a twisty wet tea towel, squirming with pleasure. "Tell you what, I feel like a new croc! Suddenly I can think! Amazing! What was that stuff that crusty old leader hippo fed me, man? Was that really cocaine?""Cocaine?" Sanchez frowned. "What's that?""That powder!" the caiman said impatiently. "River tourists suck the stuff up their noses all the time, every damn day there's a launch or something motoring past with humans on board inhaling their white powder. Cocaine. That's what they call it. They shout stuff at each other and fire guns at me." It gestured at an old graze on its torso. "I picked that up last year. Bloody painful.""You call it cocaine?" Sanchez tried to think. "The generals have always called it Ambrosia, or Stalin's Heavenly Gift, or whatever. That's been the main goal of the Revolution, you know.""What, getting your mitts on cocaine, or whatever-you-call-it?""Yeah!" Sanchez felt proud. "Why should humans monopolo- momololo- have it all to themselves? Why should they be the only species able to speak and think? We want our fair share! Animal rights!""Gnarly, bruv! Right on!" said the caiman. "Now that's a revolution I can get behind. I tell you what, if I'd known it'd have this effect on me - and clearly on you and all these thousands of animals around us - I'd have charged aboard the first river boat I'd seen and snapped up the lot. Get it before they do, see how _they_ like not being able to string a sentence together.""Oh yes!" said Sanchez. "Back before our dawning, that happened all the time. You should have seen it, especially in the early mornings. The humans at our plantation would hoover it up late at night, stagger to bed - and early the next morning, until their first Ambrosia dose, wow, they couldn't speak either. Or run around, or anything at all, really. You've never seen eyes so bloodshot.""Right," pondered the caiman. "Without their cocaine on a regular basis they're as mindless as we were! And as I was, just a few minutes ago." It plodded along in silence for a bit. "No wonder they grow so much of it. It's grow or perish.""I've been wondering about that stuff too!" exclaimed Sanchez. "If their Ambrosia makes them what they are - then it must predate them, right?""Sounds about right," said the caiman. "What of it?""So-" said Sanchez, "So - the humans didn't make it, so it'll occur naturally! Somewhere out there in the jungle, is there, like, a fountain of the stuff-?""Comrade-private Sanchez!" bellowed Sarge, quite a ways up ahead. "Report!""Oh shit yes that's right," said Sanchez. The troupe's pace quickened towards Sarge, strutting vibrating outside STALIN WELCOMES OUR NEW COMRADES. The animal crowds seemed thicker here. "Quick, Mr. Caiman, for our records, we all need names, we'll need one for you.""A name?" The caiman looked quizzical. "I dunno. I don't really have a name. Never needed one. Sometimes a few of my mates say 'Rrrrrarrgh' at me...?""Um, most of us need our own unique names, especially in a Revolution this big, we can't all be Rrrrrarrgh.""True." The caiman looked all moody. "Well what would you suggest?""_Report_, comrade-private!" Sarge bellowed, louder, over the howls and screeches of the steadily more animated crowd. Squads jogged this way in that, in quite some confusion. That's odd, Sanchez thought, noting the emotional tones in the air. Hang on, best sort this name issue out first-!"I don't know, any name will do!" he wailed. "How about Jim?""Jim?" said the caiman. "What kind of a name for a caiman is Jim? No! I'll-""Riverboat-attacker, then!" said Sanchez desperately. "Gun magnet, party-pooper-""No no - Maria," said Maria. "I like the sound of 'Maria', good ring to it, some of the frillier boaters called themselves that-""Right!" snapped Sanchez. "Comrade-sergeant! Presenting comrade-private Maria!""Good work. Comrade-private Maria, report inside for the standard new recruit gear-""Comrade-sergeant Garcia!" A hippo stamped through the crowds, shouldering lesser-massing animals aside and saluting Sarge. "Where the hell have you been?""Comrade-colonel!" barked Sarge, snapping to attention. "Pardon, sir?""Haven't you heard?" shouted the colonel. "I've been looking for you everywhere. Get back to the 19th headquarters and arm up. The Capitalist scum are counterattacking Caracas!"