"You want _how_ much, lady?"

"A billion rounds at the very least," said Julia. "And guns able to fire the things for an hour straight without exploding."

"Sorry luv," said the man, rasping his chin, "not gonna happen, at least not yet. The Venezuelans are snapping up ammo like there's no tomorrow. Our phone's ringing off the hook."

"What about that lot?" She pointed at a brace of forklifts straining motors to get pallet after pallet of ammunition onto heavy trucks. Dozens more scraped the ceiling behind them. "An army would use less in a year."

"Yeah!" said the man. "Never known anything like it! Not a full-on war, we'd have heard. Something else. Something big's rumbling up in the jungle, all sorts of silly rumours-"

"Ha!" Julia spat. "I'm the last girl you need to tell that to!" She slopped gin into a pint glass and took a mighty swig. "I was in the thick of it. Madhouse up there."

"Oh?" The main raised an eyebrow quizzically. "You're with What the hell's happening? We're hearing all sorts from the Army contacts, talking animals of all things! Bloody Narnia up there-?"

"You, sugar-tits, have no idea." Julia grimaced. "Hippos. Some huge bastard. Millions and millions of birds. Charging at you all at once. Clawing your fucking eyes out."

"...What? What happened out there?"




Julia felt the way you get after getting an unexpected but predictable thrashing, part of you kinda hopelessly empty, stomach clutching at nothing; other bits of her brimming with regret; yet her mind churned. It itched for a rematch. Her Defeat-O-Vision played over and over again the hail of grape against the trucks' sides, of the sheet metal turning all colanderish, of harsh brays of alarm from grizzled mercs abandoning heavy cannon to the metal mists slamming into their vehicles. Like fighting Magneto.

Where the _hell_ did they get those cannons from? She poured another gin, good old Gordo's, her hand shaking only slightly, the liquid slopping over the side a tad. She frowned at the spillage making the table varnish go all gooey. Aah.

Okay. Okay. Shit. I've received thrashings before, haven't I? And bounced back? It's how we get better! More skilled, right? Right! Tough love! She grimaced at the thought and gripped the tumbler glass. Her knuckles went all pale. What about when Andropov hired me to soften up his Soviet old guard adversaries back in '82? That went horribly horribly wrong yet I prospered mightiliy. She slugged back a mouthful of Gordon's Dry. Oh god, those were the days. She paused in thought for a few seconds, her face flushed, Rapanui frown dissolving a tad. She found her mouth creasing into a vague smile and she knocked back another gulp.

God, '82. What a time to be alive! Still in college and already blackmailing Reagan. God, he could fill out that slutty Hitler costume like nobody's business, couldn't he just? She smirked and suppressed a wee giggle. There I was on your standard college polsci White House tour, schoolbooks and pigtails and everything, giggling with girlfriends, being shown round on a tour so insipid you could feel your brain fossilise. Seriously love, I wanted to scream into the face of our guide, a late-middle-aged woman whose brain had clearly abandoned the decaying body in the Ordovician, seriously love, this structure we're inside is the seat of half our planet's power, horns locked in a fearsome struggle with the other half, the brutal clashes of realpolitik rending nations left and right in one bloody war-welter after another - how can you _possibly_ make that boring?

My college group became entranced by our maternal corpse, my peers' cerebra too zombifying by the minute, eyes crusting over, joining her decayed spirit six feet under. I had to escape, do something, anything, to flee. I pattered down a deserted corridor, lavishly furnished with the usual carpets and busts and wall paintings. Not bad - let's see what makes this place tick, eh? Have some fun! Zombie guide safely distant, I could feel my vim returning. Let's - um - I spied a grate up near the ceiling. Let's infiltrate the vents!

Julia swigged the last of her gin, poured a few cheeky fingers more, flolloped on the suite's Deity-sized bed without spilling a drop this time, and chugged the lot back. God I was naive in those days, wasn't I? she thought. Impetuous action, thoughtless charges... Not at all like today, where in my seasoned serenity I ... backflip nuclear Akuras across tourist beaches ... okay it's a fair point, she chuckled to herself, I haven't changed that much. I'd crawl through White House ventilation any day of the week, tho' their bouncers probably have me on some sort of blacklist these days, not like that'd stop me. Hah.

So off I spidered through vent-lined steel shafts, basking in the warm White air wafting through, spying out juicy conspiracy wherever I went, alluring scandal no doubt throbbing round every corner. As I advanced I disabled various razor-stabby-traps presumably installed to stop Heinous Infiltrators like my good self taking a cheeky stroll through the nerve centre of the West. Nastier ones had dust-choked corpses with Nazi armbands impaled on them. One even had a "[17] Days Without Killing An Enemy Of Freedom" ticker. But most? Entry-level fluff, I'd mistressed worse back in Catholic school. Those nuns are vicious. You Protestants have no idea...

After a few laps of the building I'd disabled most of the traps and now felt a tad bored, although the ones around the basement nuclear bunkers were real beauts, just approaching within five metres launched these jagged subcritical plutonium spears at the back of your head. Amazing. Damn near snapped my neck dodging the things.

Anyhoo, who should I spy on my perambulations but Reagan himself, cheeky sod, sneaking a naughty smoke in the Oval ensuite. Aha! Excitement! Like a silent panther I bounded from my vent hatch, tiptoed behind him, and breathed in his ear "I hope you brought enough for two, baby."

Man damn hear had a heart attack. I had to break a finger perusading him not to stab the panic buttons. But once I'd enticed him down from the ceiling with flamboyant displays of the Nazi trophies I'd harvested from aforementioned corpses, then - one thing led to another - and soon he and I rode like panthers. Phenomenal lover, by the way, sensitive and generous and knows his way around a cervix. US presidents swing that way for some reason - Clinton cologned his testes specially for our encounters, and Bush Senior was a bit stuffy but an absolute gentleman. Damn odd, but you'll get zero complaints from me.

It's the Soviet leaders I found appalling in the sack, for reasons I shall elucidate in due course. For a month or three after my first Reagan encounter...

Julia clambered off the suite bed, poured another glass and grabbed the room's complimentary laptop. Go over that stuff Danilo's goons emailed me. Review. News sites too, let's see what's publicly known about this Venezuela situation Sip- no, not sip yet, this is your third, pace yourself girl. She stared at the images gracing the page header. My word. Didn't know the Venezuelan army was getting involved.

My god, she frowned to herself. The first news sites said lovely things like BREAKING NEWS HOLY SHIT, and showed nothing but drone footage of millions and millions of animals. Species of all kinds, open-plan menagerie, furious organisation - harvesting? Planting? And - wow - she stared at satellite photos of some mottled splotch a few kays across just outside Caracas. Then at the caption describing the splotch as the most ordered cow stampede she'd ever seen. Look at that! Marching in formation! Then at ground photos of thousands of succulent Angus beef cows trampling a Vegan convention. Then at large groups of Venezuelan soldiers, exhausted yet blazing defiance, surrounded by mighty heaps of avian corpses and spent round snowdrifts, attempting to club still more rabid toucans with rifles glowing cherry-red. Burning buildings, smoke shrouds cloaking the city, and a cluster of - bloody hippos - leading teams of livestock dragging those - bloody cannons again - and rending jagged tears through policia roadblocks, shredding squad cars to scrap. Julia grimaced. It's that huge bastard again! What did that prick call himself? Mister Garcy? Great, Wikileaks has video - click - Garcia's huge gob filled the screen, blathering about Hippos Will Rise, Capitalist Pigs Will Fall, and biting the mayor in half.

Julia glanced at the system clock. Twenty minutes I've been staring! She went to refill her glass and realised the thing was still brimming and she'd not touched a drop. Rather gingerly she sipped. Golly. This is bigger than just machine guns. Look at those bastards go! They're thrashing armies! Bloody hell, no wonder I lost track of time. That could have been me! Chomped to bits!

[Julia does more advanced analysis. Much improved HSSR tactics, flanking manouevres, urban combat etc. Distinct improvements over the shoddy shit they tried on her previous.]

She stared at another Wikileaks link. "Maddened Hippos Assimilate Zoo." Eh? She clicked. More video, at the Caracas zoo as promised - and it showed grainy Shakycam footage of hippos wrenching open crocodile cages, snapping bars like dry spaghetti, one by one holding the crocs prone, shoving their snouts into powdery sacks - then each croc would thrash around, the hippos shoved in fheir faces these odd-looking signs, the croc stopped thrashing, and - Julia frowned more deeply - it'd right itself, then assist doing the same to its neighbour! Weird! In a twinkling every last croc lined up alongside the hippos and as a group they trotted out of shot, double time.

With a shake of her head she closed the last tab. She glanced down her email list, many from Danilo, eyed the subject headers, "HOLY FUCK PANIC", "WHERES MY MANSION BITCH", shook her head again, and closed the browser altogether. Fuck. I'll deal with Danilo in the morning.

Julia Clements clacked glass on the bedside table and ran her hands down her face. Again she wondered what the hell she'd got herself into. Of all the missions I've found myself in, she thought, this has to be the strangest. Not even that Congo mission ranks with this.

Fuckit. I'll be in no condition to plan tomorrow if I don't just relax! Blow off some steam! How 'bout a nice film? From the ol' spank bank. _Tasteful,_ yo. She grinned properly for the first time that day. Yeah. I know just the thing.

She rooted around in her travel case, found the DVD in question, resumed her bed-flollop and inserted disc in drive. Aahhh. Sip. Groovy. Another sip.

Julia found her thoughts dragging back. So - shit - let's face it - military ops on this scale is way beyond simply trucking a few loads of merc buddies and blazing away. This is serious. But if not even the Venezuelans can hold their own capital, what chance do I have-?

Porno! Focus, girl. She prodded play. I've heard amazing things about this one! Been looking forward to it for ages, saving it for the right moment.

The screen faded from black to show an imposing title - _Groupsexy_ - nice start - hanging atop a medieval cathedral. We're talking a modern-day medieval-style cathedral, that is, far vaster than anything built in reality, for even when flanked by flying butresses, even the sturdiest real-life cathedrals collapsed at an an alarming rate.

This baby stood proud, well over a mile high, glittering in the sun, casting much of the surrounding Renaissance-style townscape around it into gloom. Milling crowds of people made their way up a set of outside steps clearly taking a holiday from their day job of being a pyramid face. Steep, imposing stone walls that just wouldn't quit stretched forever up, exquisitely detailed stained-glass windows shone in the sun, glittering building wings flung out east and west, fluffy clouds glowed white in the sunlight and broke up, flowing around the central spire. The camera did a lap or two of the main spire, and one small mist-blob after another resolved themselves into mighty pigeon-flocks, dwarfed by the architectural majesty dwarfing their world. Millions of birds flapped back and forth.

Look at all that pigeon poop! Must be a devil to clean. What's their pest control like...? Julia felt her mind wander. A headshot will take down any target, human or nonhuman... but when the head's the size of a fucking pea, god, even I had trouble with that. So much ammo wasted. It's the Mongol Horde approach, swarm and hit and run and scratch and scratch until the enemy's a pulp. 

The camera panned, paused, then approached an exceptionally large stained-glass window, shot forward so quickly Julia genuinely couldn't be sure she'd just seen a glistening thousand-colour erect penis rendered in translucent glass, with a huge blood-red strikeout through it, and the camera whooshed its way over the interior.

Odd start to a porno! Julia mused. Although that possibly-glass-cock design appears promising. Let us begin the Downstairs DJ. She adjusted her flollop to accomodate.

A full house crammed the stadium pews, exclusively men, oddly enough, dappled with stained-light of a thousand colours, and apparently near the climax of one hell of a Mass. A bishop [Do bishops do Mass? Find out] roared into a lectern microphone and boomed harsh Truth over his baying flock. The camera shot forward to show just him, lines of men-of-the-cloth seated on the stage behind him, pew-tops also concealing their lower halves. Priests so Respectable you could shave with their collars. Before the Bishop, in the front rows sat grizzled soldiers in dress uniform. Police officers, thugs, men formidable and stern.

"...For we Chosen will spurn the Cock!" he shouted. Julia halted. You what? Odd start to a porno-?

"Satan's Chimney!" the bishop roared, neck red and cordlike. "Beelzebub's foul Tippex! We are brothers of Christ, oh we righteous, we triumphant, we who know in our hearts that - at the World's End - final salvation awaits!" Huge cheers up and down the cathedral.

"For we follow the True Path! We bask in Jesus's non-creamy Love!" The bishop stabbed a hand up, the camera angled up to show the man from below, foreground to a mighty statue of, apparently, Jesus on the Cross, but with one arm free to bend over a rather alluring young woman and exquisitely fuck her. Whoever made the statue did a damn good job of marble-rendering beatific bliss swimming across her face. With his other, nailed arm, Playa-Jesus flipped the bird at an '80s caricature of a leather-clad gay nightclubber, who looked hunched and shrunken beside the pair. Above the trio stood a huge clock not unlike the one on _Countdown_, minus the music and already counting down from 30.

"We bask in - Jesus's - oh - oh - Love!" the bishop roared again, face glowing blotchy. The crowd broke eardrums with their shouting. The camera zoomed in on a few at random. They too blotched their faces, some bit their lips, others had faces beaded with sweat. Behind him, the clock hit Twenty. God damn, Julia thought, is this what boys get up to when the girls are out? She bit her lip. This worked-up? Crashing these sausagefests sounds rather hot. Sexist, but hot! She resumed.

"For our ladies and their lady parts will guide us - us - men to - oh god - to true Redemp-p- p-tion!" he moaned. Ten. His face shaded to violet. He gripped the lectern like a life ring. So did most of the audience, gripping the pews of the row in front, damn near gouging black varnish divots beneath flexing fingers. Julia preened. Well of course love. I discovered the power of mine long before bloody Reagan. Boys make their own leashes. Just look at that boy, dude's teetering on a heart attack-!

"Praise - th-the - Lord - aaaAAAaaaHHAAAH-" he began, his voice dissolving into a broken howl. The clock hit Zero. Ha, thought Julia, looks like - no- no, that's a genuine cum face! He's not acting! Same with everyone else! The entire flock's spunking at once! Julia flushed pink and couldn't stop a smile.

At last the bishop's orgasm-roar subsided. He deflated, wrinkling like a week-old balloon. He gripped his lectern to stop himself sliding floorward, his body flopping around like a Salvador Dali painting, shoes scrabbling on the lecterned stage.

"Thank- thank-th-th-thank you, my lovelies," he stuttered. The cathedral atmosphere swam from ravenous sex-frenzy to replete afterglow. "Purveyors of holey Pussy - godly guardiennes of all earthly ecstasy," he yammered, exhausted yet satisfied, "my sisters - as always, my brothers and I stand in awe of the exquisite perfection of your oral timing. For what better way is there to reaffirm our faith? Our church? Our commitment to heteronormativity?"

Julia guffawed.

"Be so good as to resume your places, ladies!" With a mighty shuffling, two hundred and fifty thousand women in their Sunday best emerged from beneath the pews concealing them, off hands and knees and onto their high-heeled feet, wiping mouths and lips, most flushed pink and giggling and standing alongside their men.

Julia stared. This gets weirder by the minute! I like your style, dude, but wow.

The bishop's - girlfriend? No, chunky ring, his wife - emerged from behind his lectern, getting to her feet, giggling like a cheeky schoolgirl, laughing eyes, hand on mouth, waggling her eyebrows at him. 

Julia just about spat out her gin. I know her! That's Lexi! Amazing girl. Only met her a few times, but seldom have I met someone so young who taught me more about sex than I taught her! A rare treasure, and delightful mix of formidable iron and cute-as-a-button. What's she doing in a crazy flick like this-?

"You missed a spot, my dear," Bishop said to her, tapping his chin. She wiped her own, sucked her finger clean and giggled. "Got it?" she asked.

"Spot on, my darling."

"Yay!" She kissed him on the cheek and stood beside him, facing the hundreds of thousands of God-fearing Christians straightening strategic bits of themselves also.

"Let us therefore not forget, my brothers," spake Bishop, voice now rumbling deep yet controlled and even, booming atop drained flock, "Cock-on-cock homo-pleasure is a surrender to Satan." Stern applause. "In our Godly duties, we men, we good Christian men, we God-fearing men, we shall shun phallic temptation, we shall prayerfully hump our way to heaven, for we are all about the pussay."

Powerful applause and shouts of "Bravo!" "Right on!"

"Look to your left, my brothers. Look to your right. In your neighbours' trousers, probiscis sin slumbers. Shun its serpentine threat! Shun! _Shun_ it I say!" Oh wow! Julia threw her head back and guffawed. God, if my school's Masses had been like this, I'd have attended a few more. And the script has Lexi's scent all over it, hurr hurr. 

"Look to your left, my sisters. Look to your right. It is your happy duty to manage your brothers' shame."

"My brothers, your own exquisite _female_ beauties," Bishop pecked Lexi on the cheek in return "-will adore assisting you in your own personal holy, sorry, _holey_ war against our common foe. Be faithful! Be resolute! Be prayerful! For final victory in our Crusade against the Cockthirst Heathen demands nothing less! We _will_ storm their walls, we _will_ take their citadels, for not even the most cunning ungodly may withstand the righteous. Amen!"

"Amen!" half a million voices barked.

"Great!" Bishop relaxed. "Thank you all for coming, my brothers and sisters, same time tomorrow." Oceanic applause, then a hubbub filled the gigathedral as the crowd started breaking up and chatting to neighbours. 

"Off you go, Gladys," said Bishop, "and chat to your friends. I have a few matters to attend to."

"Okay!" Lexi/Gladys smiled. He patted her bottom and squeezed it, she yelped and giggled and tottered off. 

Bishop's beatific smile at her retreating, swaying hourglass form faded, replaced by a rather sad frown. He squirted the subtlest of glances at a junior priest getting to his feet at the stage's rear. The priest returned the glance, said nothing and padded off the stage, past quite a few rows of emptying pews, and disappeared down a side corridor.

The camera paid quite a bit of attention to this. Julia paused in her fourth gin, interest piqued. Oo. Plot twist?

Bishop finished up shaking various collegues' hands, and padded after his colleage also.

The bishop stalked down an empty corridor, the half-million-throat babble diminishing as he went. A few twists and turns dropped the noise still further, until all that could be heard were his own footfalls, padding on the carpet, emblazoned also with the Gigathedral's repeating crossed-out-cock symbol.

Julia ceased her frigging. Oh come _on!_ This is the bizarrest porno ever. What was Lexi thinking? How's a girl supposed to get off?

Bishop rounded another corner or two, ascended stairs, kept looking behind him nervously, paused outside a nondescript door, hesitated again, listened for a few long seconds, and when at last became satisfied he was alone, wrenched the door open, darted through and closed it in one motion. 

"Oh Tom! Oh my treasure! At last!"

The priest spear-tackled him from behind.

They rolled over and over and over on the carpet, pawing, clawing at one another, ecstatic whimpers escaping off both, kissing madly, hands worming into each others' clothing.

Julia brightened. Finally! A bit of plot _and_ hot hot homophile action!

They ceased their rolling and enveloped each other in a thorough kiss. For a few minutes there was no dialogue, just heavy breathing, then panting, moaning, squeals, whisperings of sweet nothings, all set to - yet another sozzled guffaw erupted from Julia - that ridiculous _You Are My Rose_ song written specially for the love scenes in that movie _The Room_! That's Lexi at work, I just know it.

At last the hot hot homophile action subsided. The two lovestruck men gazed into each other's eyes, smiling ever so sweetly. Then - Priest's smile wavered and it swam into crinkled tears.

"Sven...?" said Bishop Tom. "What's wrong, sweetie?"

"Oh Tom," gulped Sven, "It's our life, our lie! And the Crusade-!" His voice broke. "Waging war against our own kind!" He burst into tears and buried his face in Tom's neck, snuffling.

Tom froze for a sec or two. "We have no choice," he whispered, his eyes dark holes. He held Sven to him, stroking his hair. "Our Church of the Heterosexual Agenda controls the town, controls the country. I'm just a figurehead!" Tom trembled. "A pawn for that mob! You must know what the Church did to the Lesbianic Empire!"

"I know, I know," whimpered Sven.

"It's before your time, I know - the Lesbiation doctrine actually encouraged man-on-woman pleasure, but only _exclusively_ that would satisfy the mob," said Tom. "The Holey Bible-"

-Oh that awful pun-

"-is quite definite on these things. Anything outside penis-in-vagina sex is an abomination. Leviticus and all that. I know it's not literal, just a fable - but you try saying that to that lot!" Tom gritted teeth. "I used what influence I could muster to persuade them back from outright invasion. At the time the Church was mustering strength for the Crusade, even the purephobes could see launching another would bleed us white, so instead the Church launched a propaganda campaign - cultural attacks, leaflet drops, hearts-and-minds stuff, you know-"

Cultural attacks-! A mental whoomph burst through Julia's gin-soaked hindbrain. She felt a quiver run through her. Oo. I know that feeling!

"Maybe-" Sven whispered into Tom's neck, "maybe- you should have - then-?"

That quiver only happens when I get a really good idea. I can feel the edge of something big...

"Oh Sven," said Tom, fondling the younger man's balls in the most affectionate way he knew, "sweet boy, don't you think I considered that? Don't you think I fantasised Lesbianic stormtroopers and Cockthirst legionnaires, shaking platonic hands atop our Agenda Church ruin? Wouldn't happen. The Church is too powerful - just more war. More violence."

"So what are we to do then?" Sven's voice gained an edge. He unpeeled his face from Tom's neck and looked him in the eye. "Must we live in the shadows forever? Living a lie?"

...It'll come to me, give it time...

---

"No, Sven! They'll find us!" hissed Tom. "This way!" He beckoned Sven into a private brick alley in the midst of the Crusade's siege ring surrounding the citadel.

Foreshadow the fact that this is a rather loose crusade, vast, numberless - but comprised of a confederation of small states. Companies, battalions, regiments come and go daily. Keeping tabs on every last one is nigh impossible. Keeping tabs on every last soldier is _very_ impossible. 

Cockthirst siege is well under way - take inspiration from real Stalingrad. Some two million Agenda soldiers have surrounded the mightiest Cockthirst citadel in all the lands, besieging the place, firing millions of shells over their ramparts.

Tom commands the siege, feeling his heart break. Stalwart stealth squads of his best troops volunteer time and time again to raid the walls in the dead of night. At first he thinks only of their phobic zeal, outwardly commending them, inwardly quailing. He attempts a steamy rendezvous with Sven.

They steal away to a quiet corner, thinking they're alone, start kissing, fumbling with each other's trousers - and stumble across four other senior commanders. Tom explodes with panic, he sees Sven clearly about to cry with shock - shame, defeat swim across his mind, in the space of a few seconds, he pictures the entire high command denouncing him as a traitor, him bleating a denial, then a hellish night of torture until he confessed, or worse, torturing Sven in front of him-! Anything but that! His face creased with panic-

"Oh your grace-! We were - merely researching the ways of the Enemy that - that - that we might understand him better-!"

Eh?

"He's not as foolish as you!" barked another of the foursome - Colonel - Adams - wasn't it? The bravest of the brave, toughest of the tough, in peacetime he's the toughest of our secret police - and in war, in siege, he's led more raids than anyone! "He won't buy that!" The man whipped out his combat revolver. "You'll not breathe a word to anyone!"

What's he _talking_ about? Tom quailed down the barrel of the commander's pistol. His mouth opened and shut. All he could manage was a faint wheeze.

"Your grace," growled Colonel Adams, "I regret the necessity of this, but I'll not suffer at your torturers' blades. Never. Not one of us. Hands behind your heads - both of you!" he barked. "Deacon Ahmed," he nodded to a colleage, "quickly, get to the stables, have four- no, six horses saddled, provisioned and ready in twenty minutes, escape before we are discovered, we can make the Urals by nightfall-"

"They could make valuable hostages," goggled their fourth member, eyes like dinner plates, staring petrified at Tom.

"Fool!" hissed Adams. "I'm aware of that. Why do you think I'm ordering six horses-?"

Revelation at last crashed through Tom's mind. They - they - they're gay too! They - they think _we're_ rumbling _them_!

"March. Turn around!" said Colonel Adams. Sven, silently shaking and crying, did so. Tom still faced Adams and attempted to speak, but only managed a croak.

"Turn _around_!" snarled Adams. He grabbed Tom's collar and pushed the pistol barrel into his nose. "I won't ask you again, your grace!"

"I'm not- I'm not-"

"You're not _what_?"

"Not - your - *inhale* - _enemy!_" Tom tried not to hyperventilate.

"You - what do you mean?" Voice sharp.

"I'm gay too!" At last! He got it out! Tom felt the horrible tension clanging through him dissolve into fierce joy. "Just like - like you!"

Adams jerked back, clearly blindsided. "Wh-what?"

"Priest Sven and I both are! Just like you!" Frenzied happiness bubbles popcorned through his stomach. His heart sang. "You're all safe - it's all right!" I'm not alone! "You're not alone!"

Adamn glared the question at Sven. Sven glanced at Tom, terrified, then nodded. Adams paused, then froze.

For the first time in his entire career, Tom saw Colonel Adams truly at a loss for words. 

"You-" whispered Adams. His voice shook. "You - you - you are the, the Church's staunchest leader in the last, last century - and - you - _you_ of all people - are _gay_?"

"I am!" declared Tom, heart about to burst. "And - you're wondering why I'd be that - that zealous, then?"

"-Yes-" Adams's pistol hand shook and shook and shook. "-Yes-" he whispered. "Yes. Yes. Yes! Yes, you bastard, YES!" He roared the word, face scarlet, oblivious to his colleages trying to shoosh him. "So much pain, suffering-!"

"Same reason as you," said Tom. "Same reason your police work is so feared. Because if you don't - if you show who you really are-" Tom's voice broke too "-you, you d-die."

Adams's jaw worked. His face crinkled. He vibrated in frustrated rage, hurled his gun to the ground, roared like a drowning bull, punched, kicked the brick wall, punched it again, glared at the blood streaming down his knuckles, punched wall a third time, and burst into tears.

Tom hugged him.

Adams clutched him and sobbed like a baby. Tom waved Adams's colleages and Sven over, they collapsed into a group hug, and they wept.

Julia ran out of tissues.

...

"_How_ many?"

"A few, your grace. More than you might have thought."

"Until recently, Colonel, I truly believed Sven and I were the only homos in this ocean of phobes." Tom swept a hand around the pair. " I _thought_ we numbered _zero_."

Adams chuckled. "A fair point!" He scratched his nose. "No. Considerably more than zero." He raised his binoculars and nodded at Tom to do likewise.

"Look yonder." The two men trained their binoculars at the distant Cockthirst citadel ramparts, and city outskirts beyond, where even this late at night, sounds of revelry carried across the wee-small-hours still air. If he strained, Tom could make out the distantly familiar strains of _Macho Man_ played at an almost certainly earsplitting local volume. Quiet swells of cheer and good fun carried and carried.

"Our enemy sound as though they're making the best of it!" ventured Tom. "Whatver they're up to - it certainly seems more fun than anything in our Ring!" He looked down from their lookout post, towering high above the Agenda ring, above even the Citadel wall itself. From there the pair could see right into the city.

"Whatever nonsense the natural philosopher boys back home may spout," said Adams, "if they can deliver on those 'balloon' things - soar like a bird over God's heavens - I will forgive them anything." The Colonel stroked his chin, and regarded Bishop Tom, eyes lidded. Tom began feeling uncomfortable. Then, "Would you like a closer look still?"

"What-" Tom felt puzzled "-You mean join a raiding party? Spy out their feasts?"

"I mean considerably more than that, your grace." Adams chuckled.

"-Well? You speak in riddles! Talk plainly!"

"I mean join their feasts. Join their clubbing."

"_Join_ them?"

"Join them, your grace! Tell me, have you ever visited the city before? In peacetime? No?" In the moonlight Tom could see Adams's hawk face practically glow. "Beyond the long arm of our - _your_ - Agenda Church. Beyond the reach of our, hah - my - night raiders." Adams gazed at Tom all heavy-lidded. "Your grace, what comes to mind when you think of you at your happiest"Sven

The thought hit Tom so hard he staggered. "Sven! It's always been Sven. Curled up with Sven at night, snow on the window, cuddled under a duvet so thick and deep you could drown and so warm and close and safe," he babbled, "only the two of us, the whole universe, nothing but us, we could forget the cold awfulness outside and, and warm each other and and just be together-"

Colonel Adams closed his eyes and smiled sadly and breathed more heavily. "Your grace-" He stopped. He sighed. "Your grace," he tried again, "would you like to try that with a thousand people?"

A - thousand! Tom whirled the idea around his mind, breathing it in, trying to grab it all at once before he realised he'd already croaked a "Yes I would" long enough ago the subsequent pause was getting damned awkward-

Adams grinned. "Then I suggest you lead our next raiding party. Let's get the party gear."

