"Mummy! _Mummy!_ I wanted a _Bentley!_" the girl shrieked, both fists balled, one spiked with car keys, her exquisitely manicured bare feet stamping the sand. "_Not_ a Rolls-Royce! I hate them I hate them, they're so uncool!" She stomped across the beach in a furious huff and thumped the bonnet, actually striking sparks, shouting in displeasure, jewelled wrist bangles jangling."Now now, Jaquelin-" said her mother, wringing her hands."You _ruined_ my birthday!" Jaquelin slapped the Rolls-Royce's complimentary chauffeur, tall and slim and white-gloved and looking at the sky. He grunted but didn't move. "My sixteenth would have been _perfect_!" The girl spat the line as only a teenager can._That beach is getting mighty close, time for my spin trick finale, which considering the poor choice of transport will be damn difficult. Do you drunkards tied down, hurr hurr, back there have any *idea* how bloody stupid your Akula sub design is? Handles like a pig on fire. No wonder you bastards lost the Cold War. No - no, don't you passengers dare escape! Mummy will take good care of you..._Jaqueline stabbed an affronted finger at the pavilion tent laid out on the squeaky-sand beachfront around her. In it lurked a full symphony orchestra paired with military brass band and accompanying double-line of dress-uniformed soldiers, polished oak dance floor unpacked specially for the occasion, dozens of equally made-up teenage female chums rolling their eyes snootily at the mere Rolls, dozens more caterers impeccably clad, and quite a few courses of exquisite food. Foaming rollers broke quite a distance out to sea and splashed their way across the shallows and up the beach before them. Bronzed surfers squiggled white wakes up and down the breakers. Opposite, the beach's upper reaches gave way to dappled palm trees, manicured park lawns, obese tourists, snooty staff, and several mighty pavillion-ish multi-storey buildings. "_Perfect!_" Jaquelin bawled again. "And you - you _ruined_ it!" She burst into tears."We - we'll make it up to you!" bleated a middle-aged man, a soggy raisin in colonel's pips, presumably her father, hopping from foot to foot in distress. "We'll-"_Shit, just look at that camera feed, my passengers are having a serious go at cutting the steel tow-rope. They'd escape me? I think not, matey-boys, I'll just whack their wee noses with newspaper, let's have a wee skim over the remains of the torpedo banks for something nice and whacky - hold my pint would you dear - ta - shit, only Viyugas left? They'll have to do, quick now, and ... torpedo away-!_"How will you make it up for me?" Jaquelin wailed, distress blasting off her. She threw the keys at her father's head. "I hate Rolls-Royces! Hate them!" The slim figure balled tiny fists. "You ruined my life, you bastard-"An explosion bowled the tent over.Sea spray cascaded over Jaqueline and company, sending them tumbling like skittles. Up on elbows, they stared into the sea, aghast, meerkat heads darting for the explosion's source.A Russian destroyer blundered through clumsy surf, its bow smashing through one breaking wave after another. Angry smoke boiled from a jagged hole torn from its side, roaring scarlet flames painting the blue sea red. Bustling dots could be seen scuttling along the stricken ship's length, panicked crew, some apparently attempting to fight the blaze, others scampering and maddened. Raw metallic howls screamed atop both crashing surf and Jaqueline's squeals as the destroyer's engines fought the ocean. The destroyer pitched back and forth with the swell, exposing the propellor-tops at every trough, amplifying the howl, tearing foam geysers from the ocean surface.The soldiers accompanying Jaqueline's army band scrambled to their feet, snatching up their rifles. One applied regulation binoculars and gave a start. "Those - those engines are in reverse," she said, "plain as day - it's trying to go backwards!""Then what-" said a colleague, "what's pulling it-?"The binoculared woman frowned into her eyepiece. "There - there's a bow cable, taut, dropping into the sea ahead, pulling it forward - the boat's fighting it-?""No!" shrieked Jaqueline, "first the Rolls, now _this_ -"The sea erupted before the tethered destroyer, now close enough for the beach party to hear the crew's loudest panic-bellows. A huge patch of blue sea turned black as a gigantic submarine surfaced in the three hundred metres or so of space between the backpedalling destroyer and water's edge, its own propellors also howling with exertion and turning hard right. Whatever madman piloted the thing used the upward motion from the rapid surfacing to skim the sub's body up and over much of the beach's surf, slamming starboard, sending a briny broadside foaming over a spluttering Jaqueline, flicking its stern around and whipping the steel hawser connecting stern to destroyer bow, towel-flicking the crippled destroyer forward._Whee! Take that, you joyless sub-designer-bastards-_Jagged wrenching sounds groaned off the bow, but the hawser held, propelling the blazing ship hurtling through the surf shallows. As it hit the beach, the sub detached hawser from its own end, the boat crunched up and onto the powder-sand beach, propellors striking dirt, hull groaning.Jaqueline and party stumbled panicked in every direction, as did many hundreds of neighbouring beach tourists. The soldiers, made of sterner stuff, fell back in good order, unruffled by the advancing hull - right until a brace of rifle barrels backed by clenched fists and furious eyes peeped over the side and blazed lead at them, kicking up a flurry of sand craters around the stricken group. The soldiers bellowed in shock, attempted return fire as the destroyer metal rained at them, several dropped screaming - then the survivors broke ranks, haring for palm tree cover, racing after the retreating backs of howling tourists.At last the boat slid to a halt, crushing Course Seventeen, braised #occupy. Two or three dozen crew tumbled off, clutching automatic rifles, ejecting spent clips and reloading, some damn near shitting themselves in abject terror, others grim and controlled, abandoning blazing boat."Come on, lads!" roared their captain, stinking and grubby with week-old stubble, eyes fatigued yet blazing with dark vigour, glaring beneath black eyebrows, "we'll survive Her traps yet! She may drag us and hostages across half the world, but while I stand tall I'll not have that harpy dictate terms." He spat at the ground and shook his fist at the sub, now back beyond the breakers and angling to face the beach once more. "You three," this to crew, "bring our guests-""Yessah!" The last crew to leave hauled down from the wreck three handcuffed bawling children, none above eight. They heaved the tots over shoulders and blundered after their mates.The crew's captain glared at the oncoming sub over the crowd's heads and gritted teeth. "Stay together lads," he bellowed over the tourist bedlam, "this way!" The captain broke into a fatigued run, crew and hostages close behind, terrified partygoers stampeding around them. They ran through the crumpled party tent remains, trampling delicate cakes and French horns.A few rallying soldiers rattled off a few ragged shots of their own from the palm tree fringe, whizzing over the crew's heads. The captain's own grim thugs lifted rifles in a twinkling, squaring off shoulders like feather-light pool cues, snapping shots into foreheads and sending them tumbling."Good lads," roared the captain, "no-one raises a weapon within two hundred metres without our consent!" His men relaxed a tad and the ones on the threshold of shitting themselves in terror seemed to pull back from autodefecation. "Got it?" Some managed grim chuckles. "Not these soldiers, not any security we might blunder into, and sure as hell not Her." He spat in the direction of the sub again and led his lads onward.The pursuing sub charged the surf once more, parting tall swell like gossamer."We'll make for that pavilion," he pointed with his own gun at a tall, billowy structure about half a kay inland, "we'll give that witch a taste of Russian marksmanship! And don't forget the brats!" The crew nodded and dragged the squirming kids behind them."This place looks filthy rich, cap'n!" squealed one of the crew. "Wherever here is - there'll be security-""You listen, Orlov, everyone," the captain panted. "We trained, even for this! If anyone worth a bullet gets in your way, shoot the bastard!"A slim figure stamped putting green before him. "You brutes ruined my party-aa_aah_" The captain shoved Jaqueline into a bunker, not even looking at her."Anyone worth a bullet," he repeated. "This way! She's almost on us!" He and crew ran on, most glancing back at the oncoming sub."Dadd_eeee_," Jaqueline bleated, bursting into angry tears, beating fists on the sand. "Vanish him, like you did those smelly Communist people!" The sub slammed through the beach's breakers, flank speed, charging up the beach, slaloming through sand and crunching into its former destroyer passenger, thick metal tearing sounds echoing up and down the beach. The party guests and crew dove sideways once more as it ground right through the beach, knocking over a clutch of palm trees and coming to rest on the same golf course just recently vacated by Haddock. The propellors clanked to a halt and began steaming.At this, a good half of the crew broke order and ran before their captain roared them back into order and shot two in the foot. They jogged or limped on at the nearby pavilion-building, a tropical tikki-themed leafy place, with fancy pubs and drinkie bars and disco-ball dance floors occuping the main floor. Only late morning, yet dozens of aspiring early-birds danced away, apparently unaware of the beach carnage, clutching those cocktails with a billion fiddly ingredients and squiggly straws and nineteen pineapple discs and sipping some and spilling most and giggling and snapping fingers to waiters for topups. More tourists basked in the sun outside and snoozed.A hatch on the sub's conning tower burst open. A woman clambered out. She was clad in your standard camo soldier garb and a gun right out of _Robocop._ Her limbs visibly cramped and trembled with fatigue. She winced as she hobbled to the sub's edge, slapping obedience into her thighs. She jumped onto one foot, then another, waggling her legs this way and that, jumping up and down on her toes - then on to her hands, then feet once again. Satisfied, she grinned and leaped over the side.The crew completed their maddened dash at the pavilion. The captain slowed to a strutting walk, stomped his way through main entrance, brandished his rifle and fired deafening shots into the ceiling."You're all hostages!" he roared. "Hit the ground! Do exactly as we say and you might not die!" Forty partygoers raised drinks and slurred out dancing invitations and offers of slurpy fellatio to our boys in uniform and he shot a few and they bawled with terror. He gestured with his free hand. "You ten," this to his crew, "Grab hostages. One each. Move!"The woman slid down the sub's generous hull, hit the ground, stared around in search of the escaping crew, spied their shenanigans some hundreds of metres off, grinned like a Cheshire cat, whirled the cane-barrel of her gun to shoulder like it was made of the lightest bamboo, sighted down it, and jogged toward the boat crew and accumulating hostage collection, keeping them bullseyed.She grinned to herself, tired heart singing. Why hello there. I'm Julia. You're dead.The captain glared back at the distantly approaching female. and swept his free arm at the ten or so partygoers now forced kneeling and whimpering and with sailors jamming trembling rifle barrels into each of their necks. More crew swept entrances around them with their weapons. "Not a step closer, Miss Clements," he shouted. She stopped. Several of his compatriots started whimpering. From the corner of his mouth, he hissed "Shut it, you lot - keep an eye for security, a place this rich'll be crawling with them - I can hear jackboots, that'll be them - "Less whimpering. To Julia, he bellowed, "One word-"-phut- "-from-"-phut-"-me-"-phut-"-and-"-phut-"-they-"-phut-"-die! Come no closer!""Her! Her!" shouted the captain, now kneeling prone on the tiled floor like his colleagues, guard pistol pressing into his temple. "*She* brought us here, *She* torments us still! I'm just a simple soldier, I never signed up for this, I - I -" He broke off, whimpering.The woman slowed to an easy walk, strutting through the building's main entrance. "Hi there, boys!" She waved at the guard chief with her free arm. "I see you've got my clients!"The security guard chief raised an eyebrow and swivelled his own pistol at her. "Oh? You're with them? And who might you be?" His eyebrow lowered, grim. "Drop your weapons. Now!" Inquisitive tourists began rubbernecking around the scene."Rum and coke, thanks, Simon," she said to a nearby bartender manning a palmy establishment named Captain Rooti's Tutti Frutti Drink-A-Rooni, and ignoring the guard completely. "Ta." She rested her gun against the bar and drank. *glug* "Ohh-*ohh* that is good! No, moron, not the crew, the kids!" She gestured with her glass at the child trio huddled in their midst. They stared teary-eyed at her - then their wee faces lit up with recognition. "Auntie Julia-!" Cherubic smiles spread across them. They leapt to their feet, gurgling with pleasure."Hi, kiddos," she winked back."Yaaay!" They danced around the ex-soldiers and cannoned into her legs, hugging them. She patted heads with one hand and sipped with the other."Drop your guns, woman! All of 'em!" the guard bellowed, much louder this time. Much crowd buzz, disco-dancers gawking.She turned to face him, sipping, swaying only slightly from the child-buffeting. "*All* of them?" Julia said. "We'll be here all day! Do you have any *idea* how much kit I pack?" Sip. "It'll be that scene in The Mask all over again...""That your own weapon isn't shouldered is the only reason you don't have a bullet in your skull," the security chief growled. "On your knees, now!""I know your rules, boyo," said Julia, grinning. "I've been a security guard too! You do your stuff."The guard nodded at a few subordinates. "Detain her too.""But she's a-" Hesitation."That's a goddamn order!" he thundered, reddening. "Must I do everything myself? Cuff her!""Er - yes sir-""My babies!" A shout rang over the din. "My babies-"A middle-aged couple staggered their way through the crowd of gawking onlookers, then thrust through the guard ring. "My babies, you're safe!""Mr. and Mrs. Ahmed," said Julia, "your children!""You - you brought our babies back-" They clambered over prone ex-crew and swept up their children, sobbing."That I did, safe and sound, as promised-" Julia broke off her speech as two guards slapped hands on her shoulders. She let them twist arms behind her back-"Guards! Release our VIP!" A chevron of squeamishly senior staff strode towards them.The guards detached and sprang from her like they'd been stung."A - a VIP, sir?" The security chief all of a sudden looked incredibly uncertain. "You sure-?""Of course I'm sure"I'll tell you one thing about my job. It's never dull.Don't get me wrong, though. It ain't no bed of roses, sometimes life's cowpats queue round the block to stomp you silly. Sometimes it's simple danger - I have roared thrashing and helpless beneath a foot of freezing midnight river torrent, with my exhausted-blue hands clutching at a jungle guerilla lord's cruel boot atop my throat. He's bottling my remaining seconds of oxygen while he gestures in graphic detail to a smug camera crew from Nigel Farage's Insolent Darkies Weekly Sneer just what he'll do with my pancreas.Sometimes it's coming up with creative ways to best howling attackers or perish - I've force-guzzled crystal meth in kilogram quantities, grasping great handfuls and swallowing it like the cinnamon challenge, I hate the stuff but it was that or bullet-ridden death, simply to speed my mind and body to the point where I could perform an actual Matrix bullet-time gun-dodge, the better to best Netanyahu's Soviet death squads already screaming their way up the dingy apartment stairwells below.And sometimes it's just soberly and hung-over-ly following through on drunken boasts - one time some years ago I found myself ankle-cuffed to a torture chair, caked with ex-client blood, my forehead sweat beading furiously and forced at gunpoint to prevail against Stephen Fry's genetically exquisite-ified MENSA Marmosets at one IQ test after another after another, a mental marathon against sprinter relays of damn dirty apes*. My guts queased with adrenal bile lest I lose the sozzled bet he and I made the previous night concerning the owner of mightiest noggin in Christendom (mine of course, I maintain that drunk or sober), and the loss of which meant he would unleash his horrendous uber-apes on the poor sods manning the Texas Creation Museum (they're morons, but no malice, they were decent people - they didn't deserve being scorned into snooty oblivion).It's not all terror and insta-death, though. Sometimes it's long and drawn-out and your bowels have that much more time to dissolve. I'll never forget this, it's amazing what niggly details stick in your mind even after all these years. Back when I first got into the gun-for-hire game, there was a general contract out on Carlos the Jackal. The Jackal of all people! This was way back in the late 70s you understand, he was at his absolute bloody peak and I was this wee green shoot too green even to grasp how green I was, the Dunning-Kruger Effect on twiggy legs, more or less.So his assassination ticket hit the streets, seasoned veterans scurried bleating but I stood my ground, oh god yes this is my big chance, I've played the gutters, the little leagues, far too long (ha, barely a year), and this is my time to shine! Frenzied fantasies of mad loot and toadying gentry and monkey butlers thronged my mind. I tore the classified ad from the local paper and strutted along, feeling ten feet tall, to the address marked on it - an oddly large and ominous-looking warehouse fringing the city docks.Many dozens, then hundreds of similarly bedraggled brats swarmed the doors and milled around inside, bright and keen and so very naive, just like me. The appointment time came and went, no Jackal, no staff of any kind. The young crowd turned nasty and started boiling over, looking for a scapegoat to smash - and by some lucky stroke I had barely enough good sense to smell a rat and start backing off, for within the minute, timed demo charges blew every structural support the building had, bringing the roof on our heads.I barely leaped clear, flying headlong out the main entrance, the appalling smash of steel supports slicing the air behind me. Sobbing with terror, I clattered upright and began a mad dash up and away, anything to quiet the howls of pain from the few survivors trapped behind.Now. Believing that I'm genuinely going to die still explodes my bowels, don't you doubt that for a second, but a good few decades of repeated exposure has a way of hammering precious experience into one's hindbrain. It convinces one of the wisdom of snapping across my face a steel glare facade, for one thing, rather than my more standard cat-in-a-bathtub limb-sphere. It fools witnesses, and more importantly, paying clients, into thinking you're not genuinely and literally shitting yourself. That red-shirt brown-pants joke is truer than you might think.Back then, though, my debut bout with the emotion Death Claims Your Cornhole Biatch, Run Like Fuck caused a near heart attack. It's all a blur in my mind now, decades ago you understand, but the bits and pieces from the frantic seconds I do recall involve a mad sprint like the hounds of Hell pursued me, bawling along a sparse alley for my mother.The crimson mind-mist at last ascended and I clattered to a halt near a stack of trash cans, realised I'd been damn near holding my breath the whole time, and started sucking in great shuddering gulps of dockside air, wobbling all queasy and clutching the dirty alley walls. I started shaking."There's one over there, boss! 'E's getting away!" Something snapped past my left earlobe, striking out a brick crater.I whipped my head up, gagging sour bile. Standing up in the passenger seat of a scarlet Corvette Stingray convertible with a great yellow hammer-and-sickle across the bonnet was Mr. Jackal himself, grinning hugely and brandishing what I know now to be an AK-74, with one of those huge cylindrical magazines, two hundred rounds a pop. Damn fine gun, but took me years to warm to it, can't think why. The car trundled down the alleyway after me, crunching over bottles and driven by some greasy Iberian-looking sidekick of his, his white disco suit doing an X-wing impression with lapels and collar just about brushing the alley walls."Ho ho ho!" Carlos roared, his clearly normally jolly face now a malevolent scarlet, crowing down varicose nose at me, "I'll teach you juvenile scum to think you can knock me off!" He shouldered his rifle with a veteran's ease, ready to fire. I bleated and scurried round a dim corner. Dead end! Oh god! I dived behind and under a dumpster, whimpering, in my panic digging into the grimy ground. God, the smell! I still remember it today like nothing else, that heavy, musty smell, a hundred years of grimy dock gunk. Right then and there, though, I had more pressing matters on the bits of my mind not howling in fear. Operating on blind instinct, I found my body worming its way deeper beneath the dumpster. More gunk. An impressive amount of general debris blanketed me, bits of planking, rubbish, sheet metal, you name it.The Corvette squeaked to a halt outside, engine rumbling like Smaug farts, neatly corking my new cul-de-sac. "Young fool!" Carlos shouted, grasping the windscreen rim, still standing upright. "_These_ are our capitalist progeny? Morons such as you? My classifieds honeypot would entice so many! Mindless zombies! I despair!" He raised his hands heavenward. "I truly despair!" Senor X-Wing, knowing at least which side his bread was buttered, clumsily attempted the same.Cognitive cogs whirred in those brain fragments still mine. "You ... you arranged your own hit job yourself?" I gulped."Of course I did!" he cackled. "Thin the competition, what? Gather young enemies in one place, then a simple booby-trap and I snuff out a whole generation of future trouble." He hefted his rifle once more. Through the gap between dumpster and alley wall I could see him grinning to himself. "Or at least that part of it below a certain IQ. Darwin and all that jazz. And now you, kid! Any last requests?" He nodded at his driver, who stood up with his own rifle. Both triggers twitched. Behind my dumpster I cowered, trembling, gripping its side with feverishly clenched fists.To this day I do not know what possessed me to say what I uttered next. Some time thereafter I'd toyed with the notion that the crisp mental clarity accompanying imminent splatty death could possibly have induced it - although a few years later, when I found myself having to rely on that same death's-door-wit when facing down a quite literally rabid Ronald Reagan resplendent in a slutty Hitler outfit and brandishing a kukri in each hand (but that's a story for another time), I discovered that why no it does not."I have a proposition for you!" I squeaked back at Mr. Carlos."What?""A job deal!" My voice could have castrated an iron scrotum.Carlos started at that. "Bullshit. You're stalling.""I'm serious! Don't mock me!" my maddened brain quavered. "You won't like me when I'm mocked, you'll regret it-!"Carlos hissed, suddenly stroppy. "Enough. Insolent child."Both men opened up on my debris cover, full auto.For the best part of a minute a bullet storm smacked into the metal dumpster. The alley resembled a chugger rattling a collection tin for the world's deadliest charity, _Make_ _AIDS_ _Even_ _Gayer_ or something. I screamed and squirmed as deeply behind the dumpster as I could, heaving it this way and that. Bullet impacts punctured debris, dumpster and alley, but mostly dumpster, richocheting in all directions, displaced by my dumpster-thrashing. One bullet struck ground beside my elbow, snicking the skin. I jerked and probably screamed again, but under the howling lead I couldn't tell.Then silence.I very very slowly uncovered trembly hands from head."God damn."Shaking only slightly, I frowned into the dirt. I didn't say that! Why aren't I dead?"All right, sunshine. Mighty impressive. You have my attention, now say your piece."Eh?"Well? Get out here before I reconsider."What the hell. I popped my head above the dumpster.Mr. Jackal gazed right back at me, face now all stern business and no longer even a hint of hey look a kid let's kill it. Without breaking my eye contact he passing his emptied rifle down to Senor X-Wing, who was glancing nervously in my direction and attempting to simultaneously reload both rifles with trembly hands and cross himself.Pockmarked onto the alley wall behind me, crude but distinct, a bullet-crater labyrinth scrawled out the words THE URCHIN HAS PROMISE, CARLOS. NURTURE IT.Ookay...I glanced back at Mr. Jackal, feeling so far out of my depth the fish had lights on their noses. A strange, judgey sort of look played across his eyes as he stared me down - not the least smidgeon intimidated or rattled, perish the thought me old mucker my rational half shouted at me, but clanking cogs of reconsideration flitted across his eyes, sizing me up. And rightly so - here's this scrawny kid, he seemed to be thinking, apparently helpless and about to be deaded by moi, but jerking its shelter around and belting out this message? How? What's its angle? The thought of me flicking a penny his way for his more seasoned verdict on me flitted across my mind. In the three milliseconds between the beginning of that thought and right this instant, I could see his pupils contracting. This is a man not to be messed around, hurry the hell up-"Yesterday I actually took candy from a baby!" I squeaked. "Teach me your ways and tomorrow we could snatch it from governments!"Carlos started at that. He scratched his chin. He narrowed his eyes. He grinned. He jerked a thumb into his Corvette's back seat. "In."I squealed and sproinged to my feet and inned and found myself swaddled in rich Corinthian leather and Senor X-Wing bellowed at me to stop dirtying the upholstery and Mr. Jackal smacked him across the back of the head and to be more welcoming to our new guest. More on this, and that bullet mystery message, a wee bit later.But that was ages and ages ago. Right this second I'm reclining in a Nigerian hammock and sipping a gin and tonic. Bloody lovely. It's about nine tenths gone and a wee finger is sloshing around the bottom and I'm waggling the glass around and wishing there was more and about to snap my fingers to the Help for a top-up. Uncharacteristically green and vibrant and springy lawns roll and flummox around me in all directions, bright and sunlit and dappled with gentle leaf shadows from the tall beeches here and there. Little swimmy breezes waft through them, carrying delicate sounds from the croquet matches nearby, the gentle knock of mallet on ball, the polite applause of bystanders, the blinding bright glare of sun-blasted luxury cotton suits, the black-turned-dusty-grey suits of the attending waiting staff - oh dear lord the waiting staff, the mighty unquenchable armies of waiting staff, butlers, maids, groundskeepers, messenger boys, messenger girls, messenger asexuals, masseuses, masseurs, cooks, the lot. Some are bright-eyed and bushy-tailed, usually damn young and raised on Mum's knee and fed stories from birth about the fabulous wealth to be had, grasping stray banknotes clutched from waiting on the clientele frequenting this appalling place. Others are bleary-eyed and haggard from actually having to put up with their clients' whiny shit for more than a goddamn minute, their hands shake, their lips move as tremulous thoughts rumble their poor noggins - the usual angry ones that thunder through your head or mine right after we just can't believe some total asshole's been as godawfully stupid as they have, but these cerebral furies crowd their psyches so much that the most violent are spilling out - but nevertheless their pockets bulge with obscene tips, their trousers weigh down with the thoughtlessness of excessive wealth, with their clients jerking from their privilege stupor once or twice a month and thinking "Oh that uppity young fellow is only barely carrying my thousand-ton suitcase to my hotel cathedral-rooms, and with that leg that angle, stupid man should be in bed and mending up or whatever the hell it is servants do, still, he did the job, I'll just tip him, here's a random pile of spare notes", and without thinking, hands over a sum of money their shareholdings would earn them back in a millisecond, but would likely make every last **Havana** slummer orgasm simultaneously. That's what keeps the park's waiting staff manning or womanning their ego-worship barricades at all times, day or night, braving sleep deprivation, thirst, hunger, shitting your pants, the lot, just on the off-chance one of these rich assholes will splurge a random fortune. It happens just often enough that I start to wonder if some of these clientele egg the desperately efficient servants on deliberately, to produce just this effect. Then again these same people might then roar drunkenly at the safari park management for only the nearest ten thousand scullery maids be starved for a few days, and then to form up giant letters on the lawn saying LET THOSE UNGRATEFUL FUCKERS EAT CAKE, just to antagonise Google Maps, and the thought passes.And here's me, reclining in my comfy comfy hammock and watching the lot. Thanks, I say to the spatsed minor refilling my glass with what I have to admit is quite superb gin, another bottle my lad, and here's a sixpence, go buy yourself some Ritalin. I dodge a mock punch and he scuttles off chortling, oh Ma'am does love her little joke doesn't she just, then he scurries out of eyeshot and I'm guessing he then kicks the ground in genuine anger and pantomimes shoving my measly sixpence up my ass. I'd do the same. He plays his role in this world, just like me. That gin won't drink itself.So the wealthiest assholes in the world cluster here, Park Privilege, for their Darkest African pleasure, plus a million billion actual real Nigerians who sweat precious blood for their table scraps. Fun, eh?And what do I do? Where do I fit into all this?I, dear reader, am a mercenary. For starters, I do the usual violent, gung-ho, standard mercenary stuff. I blow shit up. I bodyguard wealthy clients. I shoot baddies. Or goodies. Or the neutral spectator. Not that I don't have a conscience plucking at me, but it's my job, yo. Anyone, really, it all depends who the person or group ladling precious moola into my bank account tells me to shoot. Like that scene in _Predator_ when Arnold and his buddies blow the shit out of a stretch of Central American jungle for about three minutes, only classier. I actually did that once - I was ferrying a consignment of heroin over the Mexico/Guatemala border, nothing too fancy, just a bit of pay-the-bills grunt work, myself and a few dozen subordinate goons, you know the drill, ten or twenty SUVs carrying drugs and a few VIP cartel dons so snooty they stab sky with their noses. We were just crossing the border on a steep rock road through jungly sunblasted slopes, and a trio of policia trucks came bouncing up the track behind us, moustachioed plods waving flaccid warrants from grotty car windows, we could see the fools miles off, so my lads and I picked out this sweet ambush point and just porcupined it up with ordnance and gun barrels, machine guns, SMGs, even one or two of those hulking babies you get on an A10 Thunderbolt, and we waited.Our barrage was like a dazzling silver hose smacking into the jungle hillside. Ever read or listened to any accounts of the really big artillery barrages in World War One? I got mixed up in that Chinese invasion of Tajikistan just recently, right about when the Chinks finished nursing their latest wounds and swarmed regrouping for a fourth go and here was me trapped on a rocky outcrop watching them mill around on the canyon floor like prickly ants, I marathoned the entire archive of Dan Carlin's _Hardcore History_ podcast. Impressive stuff. He talked of pre-bayonet-charge million-shell barrages, where you get mighty forests uprooted and flung into the air and the continuous explosion popcorn beneath froths up thousands of mighty splintering oaks like last night's Tikka Masala from the ten thousand Sphincters of Satan.Our Mexi-cop firehose was a tribute to that. In about three seconds we dug a crater fifteen metres deep. We put The A-Team to shame. A mate of mine said she could hear it from her Mexico City apartment. Good times.Just a sec, I've got company once more. "Thanks, kid! ...Ahh. Yum. Leave the bottle this time." And to my gin, "come to mummy." The words echo into my tall thin glass. Sip. Ohhhyes."Ms. Clements ma'am-"Glug glug "-Don't interrupt my gin time!" I squeal. "Gin is precious, gin is life.""Sorry Ms. Clements ma'am," wheedled Master Spats, "but there is a letter for you in the lobby."Oh god. "Not again, I told that bastard Proops to stop sending me so much fan mail! Is it ticking?""Er no Ms. Clements ma'am.""That's a relief. Is it smoking? Does it smell?""No Ms. Clements ma'am.""Good, probably not Proops then. Bloody ass-kisser. And stop calling me ma'am, kid, I'm not royalty, not like those pricks over there-" I angle my gin glass toward, among other people, the UK's Prince Andrew, attempting to limbo under a joined pair of Maltese Elephant trunks and failing, to the giggles of a nearby gaggle of bikini'd stunners employed by Park Privilege specifically for the purposes of inflating already Hindenburgian egos. No judgement on them, hell, I did it myself for a spell in the 80s. Bloody hilarious work, very well paid, and if you keep your eyes and ears open, you learn a hell of a lot! "Ms. Clements will do, lad.""Er yes Ms. Clements m-""-Ah?" I raise a finger.He catches himself just in time. "Um sorry Ms. Clements.""Good boy," I grin at him. "You have promise!" He risks a relieved smile. My grin freezes. So does his. "Oh god - that letter - it doesn't have 'Could Not Possibly Have Anthrax Inside, Gargle At Will' on it again, does it?"His frozen grin melts. "Er no Ms. Clements.""Right. False alarm. Phew. Clinton almost got me the first time, I don't think he ever forgave me for edging him then running outside to tell that girl Monica to 'attend' to him. I'll pop by the lobby after I've finished drinking this, then. All right?""Yes, Ms. Clements.""Good." Oh what the hell, I'm feeling sozzled and generous. "Here's a nice tip."His face genuinely lights up. "Thank you Ms. Clements ma'a- sorry!" He toddles off, glowing.Right, where was I? Okay... then there are the more ... er, _unorthodox_ mercenary jobs. Topple enough of the nastier sort of dictator, which I sure as hell have savoured doing, and you acquire a certain reputation amongst the more clandestine type of white-hat nutjob. No more drunken hammering on Vatican gates at 4am, roaring "I'll hide your Nazi gold for you! Discretion is my watchword!" through a megaphone into the Pope's private chambers; _they_ come to _you._Take Kofi Annan, for example. You may remember him as the UN's head honcho, '97-'06. A gentle internationalist, you may think. A kind, pragmatic soul; his career could well be the result of Our Saviour Zeus playing the Cards Against Humanity card "Advice from a wise, old black man." Ha. Not a bit of it. It's just what I thought, it's what we all thought. Take it from me, lads and lasses and (misc), he makes Gregory Rasputin look like Ann Coulter. He makes Brian Blessed look like Stephen Hawking. Fucking hell. I'm all for being sexual and brash and feverish tangoes on 4am tables, don't you misunderstand me for a second, but you have to leave _something_ to the imagination, sometimes you need a bit of subtlety. An Annan luncheon is like a Kaiju from Pacific Rim dressed in a tux and tails and smashing great ship-launching bottles of Baileys onto your crotch.I gave as good as I got, don't get me wrong. It's kinda what I do, baby. But holy moly was it a challenge. Meeting his Palpatine-meets-TOS-Khan routine head-on? Oh lordy. I couldn't sit down for weeks. You know how it is, when you look back on something like this with the benefit of hindsight, you can sit all fat and relaxed and genuinely see how for a few tumultuous hours the learning curve spiked into a learning cliff. He taught me tricks I still cherish - to this day I still hold the Olympic record for Fastest Handjob, soup to nuts, 21.82 seconds. And that's 100% flaccid to first visible emission. But during Annan's learn-spike? Wowza. The blood boils and adrenaline fizzes and hormones rage and old wounds ache.I was at this New York cafe sipping coffee and nursing my wounds after that bloody '90s Albanian civil war, you remember that don't you, and throwing bread to the ducks. Next thing I know, the entire building is lurching upwards, steel cables fizzing and swaying taut around me, with groaning masonry as the cafe is wrenched grinding from the ground, and a sickening lurch in my tummy. I look up and the UN Building is soaring far above me, far above us, above the street my cafe lurks next to, but now there's this damn great crane on top, dangling its chains down to me. We ascend. Other diners shriek in panic. I finish my coffee.We reach the UN roof. The damn great crane swings round and deposits the cafe building down, crunch. I spy Annan's smarming mug and sip the last caffeine dregs, eyes all heavy-lidded, I know something worth my time is coming. Dozens of suited hulking goons leap aboard, grab everyone, manhandle them off, and hurl them howling into the Big Apple abyss. Extraneous chaff. All except me. Me, Annan gambols towards, I'm still seated and everything, and he's holding what looks like about five million roses and roars "Tits out for the UN Goliath, my Tsu-hsi, my Dido, my Boadicea-!""Ms. Clements!"Bloody Master Spats again! Dammit, I was just starting to feel all hot and squirmy. I'll return to this later, don't you concern yourself, I've got it all mentally jotted down. Carlos the Jackal's mentoring; that bullet message; and now Kofi Annan's Casanovan violence plus unorthodox merc job. Consider it a narration fluffing. "Yes what is it!""Ms. Clements! Ms. Clements!" He trots up. "Management would like you to know, the lobby staff have received four more telephone calls. They ask for you personally. They say it is urgent-""Urgent?" Oh not again. "Who's calling?""The caller declined to leave her name, Ms. Clements, but said she was 'an old friend', and that you would understand."For God's sake. My agent, flea-bitten hag that she is. Yes that's right, a mercenary with an agent. Aren't I glamorous? "All right. Put it through to my phone." I pick the thing up and waggle it. I also give him a meaningful look and waggle my unconscionably empty gin glass with my other hand and just about overbalance from my hammock.Master Spats looked pained. "I regret, Ms. Clements, that we cannot. Park policy-"Ohh yes. The whole point of this equatorial debauchery anti-Mecca is to let its clientele get away from it all. Any message, every message, all forms of communication with the outside world are carefully screened and blocked, lest they trouble the brat wehrmacht within. And that means no phone reception. It also means I have to stagger all the way to the lobby whilst sloshed. Ah well. No rest for the wicked. "Oh all right. Tell 'em I'm on my way." I lurch from my hammock and attain verticality on the third attempt. "Right. Now where's that bottle? Mummy will take good care of you... Ta, Spatsy."Some considerable time later, I sway my way around a dust maze occupying much of the marble lobby floor. You know those world-beating domino collapse videos you can see on Youtube? Various nerds with far too much time on their hands set up a million billion dominoes, knock the first over, and it's about five hours before the final one falls. A group of enthusiasts are doing something similar with cocaine, leaving trails of the stuff like movie buccaneers do with black powder when they want to blow up the enemy pirate ship. I dodge wannabe Scarfaces galumphing clumsy lobby laps on all fours, noses anchored floorward like bloodhounds, hoovering up a glittering labyrinth of Colombian finest. A few oily management-looking types are also milling around. Curious.I get to the lobby counter and can't help myself. "'Sup, sugar-tits," I slur. Assorted staff twitch an eyelid at me, doing the absolute bare minimum to acknowledge my existence but not a smidgeon more. "I'm Julia, hic, Clements, room 10,003. There's a message for me?"Seconds pass. The sugared beauty before me, an exceptionally snooty young woman in an astounding blouse, one that strategically creases and accentuates every damn curve, my god, she spends several seconds bringing a nail-filing marathon to a leisurely finish, sighs and eyerolls like I've commanded her to faceplant barbed wire, rotates her office chair to nearby computer, taps away for a tad, flicks a lazy gaze across the screen, yelps, and flashes a deer-in-headlights glance at me. Instantly her Park training snaps a professional face-veneer in place, but not even my Europan gin ocean will make me miss that. Ha! A crack in the emotional armour of the famously robust Park Privilege personnel? My interest! It is piqued. And damn, that doe-eyed look she gave me, doesn't that just make me feel all melty inside. I notice a few more management drones on cellphones (Cellphones! Here?) barking frantically into them, and firing worried looks in my direction. Curiouser.Miss Yummy glances at me, then back to her computer screen, her facial muscles under now quite deliberate and expert conscious control. She is assured, she is poised. This, however, fails utterly to disguise the fact her irises are dilated like I'd tied her up, forbidden her to orgasm, and then gone down on her for about an hour and a half, tongue set to Bagger 288 Mode. You'd better believe I know that look from experience. Mmmm... that's actually not a bad idea. Let's make it happen. I fire off one of my smile-beauties at her, gaze into her eyes, and start my mirror neurons firing on all cylinders. Begin licking at her mind, sort of thing. ...Hang on, I'd better answer her first. "Good news then, darlin'?""That is ... for you to decide, Ms. Clements," the doll says. I stare still more deeply and already I can see a volcanic blush barely contained beneath her makeup cuirass. Result! She hands me a landlined phone receiver, squiggly cord and everything. I get it within a foot of my head and already I can hear the shouting."Julia!" shouts a familiar voice. "Where the hell have you been?""Adriana!" I reply. "Long time no row! Haven't heard from you in weeks, what's new pussycat?""Never mind that now!" she cries. I can hear quite the tumult of voices in her background. My merc spidey senses kick in. Thirty people or so? Average age, what, 50? Fairly even mix of male and female. They sound authoritative yet panicky. So does she. "Haven't you been watching the news?" she bleats."News, babe," I declare, swigging from the precious nectar before me, no not Miss Yummy, more's the pity, mere gin, nor indeed using her as a receptacle, although the night is young, "news is what I'm here to avoid. Far too much of that in recent months-""Put the damn gin down, Julia, and just listen."I give a start. "You heard me sipping?""Yes!""It's not gin, it's, um, water!""Indeed?" A pause. "Gordon's London Dry."I uncork neck from mouth and stare at the label. God damn. "You could tell that just from the sound?""How many years have we worked together, Julia dear? Your gin-guzzling sounds like a vacuum cleaner in a swimming pool, and each brand has a unique melody. Now, business time. Listen up-" The swell of voices in her background roars to a panic crescendo. I raise an eyebrow. My word. So do the voices of those management hair-oil drones nearby. Professionally hushed, yet a distinct tinge of fright. A few puffy-throated seniors glare meaningfully at a junior beanpole resplendent in his dad's baggy suit, they gesture my way, and he nods miserably and pads towards me. A briefcase weighs down each hand."-Just shut up!" Adriana shouts dimly, apparently at her background mates, then to me, "I'll get straight to the point. Have you ever seen a hippo on crack?""...Er..." I give a meaningful glance at some of the more, er, substantial coke marathoners seemingly on their final few laps of the hobby floor. Surely she doesn't mean them? Some of those fancy bastards are really motoring. Look at 'em go! Ha! "Um," I muse, "you mean a fat human, or an actual hippopot-""A real hippo!" Adriana bleats.That junior manager walks right up to me. The lobby receptionists, Miss Yummy amongst them, demurely avert eyes from their god and exit tiptoeing stage left. Damn shame. "Ms. Clements," he stutters, "may ... I have a word?""Get in line, sistah," I declare at him, and jerk a thumb behind me."Julia." says Adriana. "Tell your latest floozy to piss off. Coked-up hippopotamuses are overrunning Venezuela.""I - what?""You heard me!""Hippos?" I stutter once more. "As-as-as in actual real ones?""Ms. Clements!" Mr. Beanpole bleats. "I really must talk with you immediately!" I plant a finger on his lips and smile and shoosh him."Oh you've turned straight again?" Adriana sneers into my ear, clearly hearing my background, just as I can hear hers. "Tell your latest _meatsicle_ to piss off, then. Dozens of EU diplomats are in my office, throwing me blank cheques like confetti to kill the hippo leaders! It's chaos here!"Oo! Blank checks! My Ambrosia! "Who you gonna call?" I crow down the phone. Adriana chuckles. "I've got your attention now, haven't I?" I nod and chuckle also.Mr. Beanpole almost starts tearing his hair out trying to attract my attention. At last he sets down one briefcase, clacks the other open and waves it under my nose. I take a quick peek and just about orgasm on the spot.Inside is the standard cliche - about ten million dollars, my spidey senses tell me, in unmarked, nonsequential bills. Cliched but no less welcome, don't you doubt that. Perched atop it, however, is - my heart stops - the Hitachi Sex Sorceress, hah, "massager" wand. The latest model. The McLaren of vibrators. The one we grubby plebs can only yearn for. The one rumoured to bring Mary Magdalene's mummified corpse to orgasm. The one still in hush-hush development and not due out for goddamn months and already the stuff of labia-throbbing legend in every social circle I know. The damn thing glistens at me. It gnaws at my soul. My knees feel trembly just looking at it.How the _hell_ did Park Privilege get hold of one? Fuck, who cares. Mr. Beanpole, I decide, is my new favourite person. I squeal, leap up and throw my arms around him. "My young meatsicle!" I moan on autopilot, deep into his ear, and undulate against his torso like a sine tigress.Oh that blush! God, he's adorable."Ms. Clements!" he yammers. "Com - com - pose yourself! My seniors have a - a - proposition for you!" Compose? Ha, speak for yourself matey-boy, I think, sensing his tenting trousers. I wink and give it an affectionate piston-squeeze and detach. He just about faints.The phone, still in my hand, starts buzzing with angry sound. Oh yes, blank cheques! With them you can buy _many_ Sorceresses. "You still there, babe?"I can hear her teeth audibly grinding. "Stay on the line you unprofessional hussy.""Sorry love, but deals are flying here too! Fill you in later, hurr hurr. You were saying? Blank cheques?""Yes, I-" She stops for a few seconds "-Yes, yes I'm on the phone to her now - yes - hands off Silvio, time for that later - I - Julia, you're there?"Mr. Beanpole is staggering upright, blushing like a thousand-year sunburn, but smiling shyly. I can see one of those more senior-looking Park management types glaring at the two of us, hissing in exasperation and stamping my way. "That I am, babe.""Right. A hundred million dollars plus, ha, 'expenses' to bring down the hippo leader. What do you say?""Ohmyyy-" My greedy moan is interrupted by this more senior Park management drone bodily shoving Mr. Beanpole aside. He sneers at him. "Weak imbecile!" he roars. "It's the Rack for you!" I dislike this tub of lard on the spot. I bet he couldn't even run a _five_-minute mile!My phone is still hitched twixt shoulder and chin. At me Drone Senior smarms, "Ms. Clements, I shall be to the point, time is short. Many of the more distinguished guests at our esteemed Park, many in the, er, recreational intoxicant profession, have discovered their equatorial livelihoods undermined by, er, equine villains, commandeering their resorts, uprooting crops, burning mansions, scorching the earth, destroying all they hold dear. As you can imagine, to a man my Park customers are in considerable distress-""You getting all this?" I mouth-corner-whisper into the phone."Every word," declares she."-and frankly, my dear, your reputation precedes you. My associate here-" he glares at Mr. Beanpole "-has delivered a sample, shall we say, of our imminent gratitude." The man looks left and right and leans in closer, apparently to avoid being overheard by the lobby marathoners, now on their final lap. A few dozen spectators are whooping and cheering the podium-finishers on, plus a bikini stunner duo giggle as required and bend forward facing each other, legs vertical, torso horizontal, and suspend a finish-ribbon taut between their bikini tops. The podiummers roar forward. The leader's maddened grin snaps to agony and he keels over, clutching his chest and howling. I try not to ogle the finish line and fail and not for the first time wish I were about thirty years younger. Geez, the man's afraid of spooking these trolls? They'd not spook from an asteroid to the penis.Drone Senior leans closer still. Not trying to flirt, is he? Oh god he's one of these people who thinks a Mariana depth of cologne is just too subtle. It's not even a good cologne. The Tranz-Am of cologne. The Room of cologne. I try not to gag.He exhales on me and I find myself seriously considering breaking his nose. "Assassinate the persons on this list-" he breathes, handing me a printed list of what appear to be animal names, "Jumbo", "Chubby", etc., "and forty-nine more of these fine briefcases are yours, fifty in all, one per assassination. Have we a deal?"Fifty! Oh lordy. Adriana hiss-crows into my ear. "Yes! Yes! Accept! Two for one!" she stage-hisses, apparently not wishing her background clientele to overhear.Miss Yummy re-enters my vision and my chest jolts. She scurries around the Park reception desk, meets my eyes for an instant, drops her gaze, looks at me a little more deliberately, there's that yummy tension and there's that doe-eyed look - and whispers for a quick sec into Drone Senior's ear and passes him a note. He nods, then his eyes widen. He gasps. He waves her aside and raises sausagey fingers to pinch her bottom, but she's already motoring past the desk, the pragmatic minx. In her shoes I'd do the same. Wait no I wouldn't, I'd booby-trap my booty with a thousand Bullet Ants then press it into his face."I am informed," Drone Senior rasps, staring all puzzled at the note, then at me, "that our equine friends ... are not destroying our clients' recreational drug farms after all.""They're not?" I ask him."They're not?" exclaims Adriana."So I am told. No, production on their stolen farms has ... my goodness. It's tripled. And they are force-feeding it to every animal they can find."