Draft Swei"Why do we test our drugs on these animals, madam? I'll tell you for why. Our mind-benders are bleeding-edge. There are about a dozen people in the entire world with the know-how to construct 'em, and they spit out ten potential world-changers a day. We _could_ spend a billion years and a billion bucks messing around with endless bacteria cultures - or - we just shovel prototypes into some random hairball and see which pop and which don't, test the non-poppers on our resident hippies - they're that groovy bunch over there _no don't look them in the eye they'll think you're friendly_ - and with that pointless red tape bypassed, we pass the savings on to you - the customer - and maintain our position as purveyors of only the finest recreational drugs the world has to offer."The woman shooed a toucan off her shoulder. It flapped off, leaving a smoke trail.  ---A drug testing lab! Say nothing of the setting - just a lab for now. One info-bit at a time.Animals of all shapes and sizes are force-fed recreational drug alpha builds of all types, to ensure they don't kill outright the human test subjects. Prisoners and backpackers and temps and students - they take the beta versions. Sometimes they die hilariously, sometimes the drugs are amazing. Bewildering drug varieties. Great banners of some flabby moron glaring triumphantly above them all, are emblazoned on every wall. There's a catwalk above the cages - quite an opulent one.Only a few lines on the above - more description once the Trigger, below, happens.Snarley laughing scientists feed the latest batch to a good fifty imprisioned hippos - their eyes flash, they're angry and confused and rather frightened. Ten batches a day, every day. They're festooned with biomarker testers. Feedback displays on large console panels. Scientists watch over it and smile, satisfied, at the drug doing its hormonal stuff. The hippos get all jittery. The science boys have been feeding the animals samples of the latest batch, they've got high hopes. _Uncle Joe's Prole Empowerment Powder._ You'll see red or your money back. It's the latest in a series of tests, this stuff seems to fizz up mammalian brains like nothing else, they want to make sure the effect happens consistently across multiple species and multiple doses.Dosage. The powder is mixed in with the hippos' standard fare - any old rubbish, compost, paper waste - magazines, paperbacks, reading material. Foreshadow that hippos have been reading up on everything they can.One scientist brays about how stupid these hippos are.Provocation. The console biomarkers go nuts.A brace of scientists enter the enclosure, puzzled as all hell, security to protect them from the beasts, trying to see what's happened to their captives, peering through the jungle canopy down at them.An uprooted tree bowls them over. About five of the biggest hippos wield more trees like clubs, whacking one after another down. The survivors bleat about their advanced flanking tactics, not wild beasts at all, before expiring. The biggest hurls his through the enclosure window like a javelin, shattering it.The remaining scientists gasp with horror at the vitals monitor, going utterly nuts. The hippos pincer them in half with great snappy jaws. Especially one huge bugger, with scars and he's foam-flecked and rabid eyes.One speaks. "As easy as that?"(Dun dun _dun_ - first inkling the hippos are sentient)---Danilo awakes. Similar to the first and second bits of draft Ein. Emphasise that it's the same man with face plastered across the labs, glaring at all the druggies. Emphasise his debauchery and not so much actively malevolent towards his test subjects as utterly indifferent to their agony. Corona 2 talks PR - he idly mentions so many backpackers just love kicking back in his opium dens.We discover he and his mansion and his drug labs are in the Colombian jungle. The labs themselves are integrated into the mansion proper, so that his customers, hoodlums, staff, etc., can get a good look at the animals, see what happens to the Disobedient. Internally, I'm adding this so that the animals themselves get to use modern cultural references. Foreshadow his terror at being challenged for the first time in years. He's a fat cat and knows it and knows his wealth has softened him but fuckit why not enjoy being on top.All that stuff, then hippo trouble strikes.---They clash, Danilo barely escapes with his life. I think I'll need to rewrite this a bit - lots of stuff to add.The hippo-led animal mob, their heads fizzing with manic excitement, stampede the mansion, itching for vengeance. First introduction to Sanchez and Garcia by name.Opulent luxury! Snooty servants, rooms full of unbelievable things just for the sake of wealth. Many animals recognise some of the upper-class-twit ornaments, elephant guns and so on, from their youth on the savannah, safari trips etc. Madder! Some spill into the library, what's this Marx stuff? Oh yes! We read about him with our food rubbish. Read read - gunshots! Under attack!Channel bits of Draft Ein - yes, Danilo squeals like a pig at first, he's caught off guard, but rallies, determined to rattle the ol' sabre once more, feeling the thrill of battle. Most of Ein isn't that bad - but of course, we've upgraded Sanchez. In the melee, write of his conflict between protectiveness of his lab comrades and distaste for violence - and dismay at Garcia glorifying in it. Write more POV Sanchez.Garcia's arc begins with him doing only brute force - in the battle, half the hippos die and he's wounded. Not catastrophically, but fairly bad. He's in pain for much of the rest of the book. It smoulders. It fuels his rampage. ForeshadowDanilo's escape - he finally discovers the hippos themselves are the attackers. He doesn't realise they're Communist, mind you.------Draft EinDanilo awoke. The world was going all hot and squirmy. Beneath vast silk bed sheets, something delightful was happening to his lower half.He blinked, grunted, and realised with sinking heart that his dream about Halle Berry Tarzanning into his bedroom clad in an even sexier version of her Catwoman costume was genuinely just a dream. He growled, flapped an arm around, with great effort got it free of those bloody clinging silk covers, hurled the things off him, and exposed whatshername.She detached and giggled at him. "Senor is awake!" she purred. "Make love to me again, make love like you did last night!" She drifted slim fingers up and down him.Danilo squizzed at her blearily, screwing up his face in a Herculean effort to wonder what the hell she was on about, or even who she was. Did I meet her at those diplomat drinkie-poos last night? One of Castro's Concubine All-Stars? All these strumpets start to look the same after the 50th - ugh no, too early for this shit. Up. Up. World makes sense after coffee. Find coffee."No my love where are you going-?"Danilo rolled around in his bed's Danilo-canyon, escaped on the fourth attempt, pried the mystery girl's fingers off from around him, ignored her protests, and flapped a hand at a nearby large pale blur that through his sleep-crusted eyes he decided was likely his dressing gown.His hand felt all powdery.A fearful squeal. "No my lovely, I cannot! No more!"With his other hand he rubbed the sleep out of his eyes. The world snapped into focus. So did the cocaine snowdrift atop his bedroom dresser.Oh yes. That spare lot after last night's fun. He sneered at the meager piddle, barely a kilo, bah, can't zap an ant with it. He staggered upright and grabbed his actual dressing gown, a pale shimmery silk affair that cost a goddamn fortune and that in theory accentuated its wearer's every sensuous curve and nipped and tucked and embellished one's naughty bits like an expert's airbrush, and by sucking in his stomach like Satan was pressing a white-hot poker to his tummy-button, he just barely managed to fasten the thing around his belly. He exhaled, relaxed, and got a glimpse of himself in the dresser's mirror. Pure sex! Still got it, baby! He finger-pistolled his reflection, then whatshername, then his reflection again. _Sex!_He stood."Danilo I cannot," whimpered whatshername, "I will die if I take any more-"She agrees, eh? _'Course_ she does, the tease. He squinted at her, getting a properly good look. ...No? Still not ringing a bell. Gorgeous, though, genuinely stunning and rocking that slim willowy look, but looks like she hasn't slept for about a year. What's her deal-?"Danilo! *No*!"He looked down. His hand still clutched a fistful of coke. Whatshername stared at it, looking genuinely frightened.Ohh, that's her deal. Too much Product. He relaxed and grinned and tossed it back on the dresser pile. He wiped hand on dressing gown. "You get some sleep, luv," he said. She gave him a relieved smile and rested her head on a pillow. "Return to our bed, my darling," she murmured, gazing all dreamy at him and wafting an expert hand, coaxing like mad.Strategic bits of him stirred - but no, business first pleasure later, all that stuff. "No can do, er- er, honeybuns," he said, hitching his dressing gown a bit higher. "Duty calls. Check the latest tests. Got a drug empire to run."---"Big bugger, ain't 'e?""Yeah. Look at his face. You could swear he understands half the words we say."Only half? You have no idea, you bully."Garn. Wonder what 'e's thinkin'? Nothin' at all, likely.""Here I'll give him something to think about - just walk up to the screen, all casual-like, and - BAAH!"Every damn time he does this. Does he think I don't remember? I'll just feign fright, and-Laughs. "You got 'im! Never seen one jerk like that.""Not bad, eh? Stupid bugger." I'll remember that. "The latest injections didn't do a goddamn thing. Not like his mate over there.""That one chained up by 'imself, glarin'? Face like a slapped ass?""Yeah.""Bin meanin' to ask." The lab tech scratched her nose, sunburn peeling a bit. "What's 'is deal? We got a 'undred species, dozens each in honkin' great communal cages. Trees an' everyfink. Why's 'e not with the others - with fatso 'ere?"I'll remember that too."You haven't heard?" The other lab tech looked visibly surprised. "You new here?""Started last week.""Oh, so you haven't - just watch this!" Tech 2 turned in the solitary animal's direction and cupped a hand around her mouth. "Oi - Garcia!"The animal they called Garcia rotated its head like an Easter Island statue. "What is it, human?" The voice sounded like what you'd expect if you took an enraged human's vocal cords, beefed them up to about eight times longer and thicker, bolted them to a throat and neck fit to smash headbutts through reinforced concrete, then got the fellow to roar chocolate eulogies at heavy metal funerals. Spooked bird flocks tumbled from nearby trees. "Make yourself worth my time.""Bloody hell!" Tech 1 squeaked. Her notepad jolted from hands in fright. She dropped to her knees and scrabbled on the lab's steel-lattice raised jungle walkway for the thing with trembling fingers. "That hippo - 'e - 'e spoke!"What a voice, eh? You could drizzle confectionery with it. Mine's not so bad either.Tech 2 uncorked fingers from ears and chuckled. "You're a sharp one, kid. Yeah, that volcano talks. Started a month ago.""Volcano?" the hippo thundered, its permanently affixed dog tag announcing *Test Subject 253-12323, "Garcia"*. "Your linguistic efforts amuse me." It gazed at the pair, heavy-lidded. "Do continue dancing for me." Garcia sported a cruel steel collar, serrated, biting into thick skin. Heavy chains snaked off the thing and tethered it to all corners of its cage, chilly iron contrasting with the chrome-and-carbon structure of most others."For - *you*? You just watch it!" shouted 2 at Garcia. "Or it's the taser-whips again! Is that what you want?"Tech 1's eyes were like saucers. "But - but - '*ow*?""Turned out to be one of the nastier test drug batches," Tech 2 said. "Number 322. You must have noticed by now!" 2 pointed at another nearby cage, not Garcia's crude prison but a subtle, delicate enclosure like the others, where twenty woodpeckers with blurred beaks turned an ex-M1 tank inside-out. "We fed that lot with the same stuff. Look at 'em go!""And the 'ippos? This lot?" 1 peered at the hippo before her. "Says 'ere-" she glanced at her notebook, now back in her grasp, then on the sign adjoining the cage door "-the 'hippos in this cage 'ad it too? C'n *they* talk?"Yes we did and yes we can! Rather consciousness-expanding. You should try it sometime."Hah. Yes and no. The biochemist boys swore blue 322'd blow the socks off every neuron it hit. Any species. We'd be neck-deep in PhD jellyfish. Worked a treat on Garcia here, but didn't do shit to-" 1 peered closer at the dog tag "-'Sanchez', or these other hippos. Dunno why." 2 stared into Sanchez's wee hippo eyes.That, my dear, raged Sanchez inwardly, is because after we observed what you vicious bullies did to Garcia, we had the good sense to keep our traps shut. He almost suppressed a quiver of anger and had to content himself with glaring right back at her, hard as he could."You! Garcia!" 2 said, breaking the stare and whipping her head around.Garcia in turn stared at her enough for even Sanchez to feel discomfort. Then, "Well?""W-hy's it you talk and Chaplin here don't?"Garcia smiled, a hell of a sight on a hippo. "Perhaps he is less inclined to validate your prattle than I."2 hissed. "I warned you! You just watch your mouth!" She strode to Garcia's cage and kicked a chain knot connecting his collar. It rattled, and the spikes lining the collar's inner surface twitched their way a tad deeper. He stood ramrod straight and didn't move a muscle bar his eyes, which glittered. Sanchez felt a roar coming on."Ha, nothin' but talk," grinned 1. She glanced at her watch. "Lunchtime in a sec! 'S braised goose today.""Yum! And speaking of which-" 2 prodded a button on the console adjoining Sanchez's cage door. Some distance inside the extensive cage, beyond the clutches of trees, artificial river, sparse grassy fields, mud beds, and beyond dozens of dog-tagged, emaciated hippos all apparently squelching in their mud and wallowing around, minding their own business, behind all that, hidden machinery clanked. A large-bore metal pipe groaned and twitched, and a slurry of miscellaneous bits and bobs slurped out. Grass clippings, kitchen waste, old magazines, half-ruined books, tyres, you name it. All in a floppy pile."Their lunch. Nourishment for this afternoon's new drug tests." 2 narrowed her eyes and chuckled. "Hippos will eat any old shit, you know." A few of the smaller ones trotted up to the pile and started picking at it.No we don't, you miserable cow.The lab tech pair wandered off, chuckling. Sanchez pressed his nose up against the glass blocking his passage to the raised catwalks allowing Danilo's lab techs free passage to all two hundred menagerie cages. He glared at their retreating backs, hot fury buzzing inside.Sanchez bit his tongue until he was quite sure they were out of earshot. Once sure, "How's the collar?""Not bad, lad, ah - not - not bad," winced Garcia, across the catwalk. "One never truly acclimatises, but - ah - avoiding sudden movements eases the pain.""Bastards!" Desperate plans fizzed across Sanchez's mind, making him feel jumpy. "If the rest of us charge this damned wall-" he kicked the transparent barrier, making it flex "-we could get you out-""No! I forbid it!" said Garcia. "Our last breakout attempt brought nothing but - ah - pain. Picture you and the remainder of the family discovered for what we are, and collared as I. You would bring this on them?""But we just can't-!""You will master your impulsiveness." Only a touch more emphasis, but Sanchez felt his defiance waver. "There's nothing to be gained from rashness, you understand, and much to be lost. Time is on our side. We will wait."Sanchez stared at the huge figure in the solitary cage opposite him, wee eyes glinting, the fresher wounds round his neck still crusted brown with dried blood, savage electrical burns on his rump still smarting. Garcia shifted position gingerly, neck-chains jangling, and Sanchez could see Garcia's rear leg muscles trembling from fatigue and pain. He looked down at his own unblemished legs.Something brushed the back of his rear leg, making him jump. Before he could respond, a wee baby hippo trotted under Sanchez's tummy and nuzzled up at his chin. "What's wrong with Garcia, Uncle Sanchez?" it squeaked, loud."Adam!" he snapped, jumping to the cage glass and staring for lab tech eavesdroppers. "Quiet! Get back before they spot you!""Sorry!" Adam squealed. "But I just wanted to ask-"Sanchez sighed. "All right, what is it?""What's a ... um, a bore-jwar-zee?""A - what? Where'd you read that?""In some of those book things they keep dumping on us!" Adam chirped. "I been *reading*! Just like you told me. All kinds of books! But they're confusing-""The Bourgeoisie, Master Adam," said Garcia, "are our human tormentors." His eyes flashed."You ... you sure?" said Adam uncertainly. "Only it says here-""Of course I am sure," he snapped.Adamn yelped and scampered off.Sanchez stared after his retreating rear. "All right, Garcia. So we don't break out yet. But - when, then? Dammit, they're killing you! We can't-""Shshh!" said Garcia. "Over there! More humans approach."---Yeesssss. That's right, maggot. Kowtow to Daddy. You'd better bloody do that if you know what's good for you, measly worms.Danilo waddled the length of his cathedral-sized bedroom, and after some minutes reached the exit. A servant corona jostled him, attempting to smooth his dressing gown, shave him, read the morning papers to him, preen, read petitions, even dangle decapitated rivals' heads, all sorts of unnecessary shit. Yawn. Been there done that. He walked on, not bothering to summon the effort even to ignore them. Ornate double doors presented themselves to him, bedroom exit, crammed with squiggly filigree fit to make the Sun King blush.For God's sake. Enough! He placed a hand on one, spun on his heel, and shouted "Kowtow, mortals!" As one person they dropped and thunked head on slickly polished marble floor.He grinned at the sight of a dozen rumps. "Good. Stay right there until I say otherwise." He pushed a door open, blundered through, caught the hem of his silken gown as the door swung shut behind him, swore blue at it, jerked the gown free, and bundled the thing back on again. He kicked at the door, scowling and annoyed, then grinned again. Got to make your own entertainment in this job, right? Good old Chinese, inventing kowtowing. Stout chaps. 'Specially all that wire waistcoat business. He stomped in the direction of the kitchen. A good five minutes' hike off. Damn coffee.Within seconds he found the walk's exertion produced a sweat Niagara. He leaned against a mercury statue of Freddie Mercury and gulped air. Oh sweet Mary, he inwardly moaned, by all that is good and holy, why did I build my mansion this large? What's the bloody point? He caught his breath and resumed his way down a hallway broad enough to swallow a container ship, feeling sorry for himself. It ran down one wing of his mansion, one side nothing but windows to catch the afternoon sun, the other side nothing but walls and doors. He trudged on and pointedly ignored marble busts, fine artwork, tinkling stone fountains, beautifully restored '60s sports cars on rotating plinths, the taxidermied corpse of Pavarotti resplendent in an *I Beat Anorexia* T-shirt and howling at the Moon-Another nearby set of double-doors opened, and a group of rather more senior-looking servants and businesspeople paced through, flanked by Danilo's usual gigantic security guards. "There you are, sir!"Oh god, already? No! It's too early! He glared at the unwelcome band, like he imagined John Wayne would at an asteroid. Some clutched billboards. Some held tablets. Others held briefcases from which tantalizing-looking fine powder was dripping. Danilo's eyes followed it. The - the latest samples-?Oh yes! He thought to himself. Thoughts shunted from Coffee to Product. That's why my pad is so big. I make the finest drugs you've ever seen, and the world trips over itself to throw money at me. Can't hide the profits forever.Business thoughts concluded, his thoughts reverted. Iwantmycoff*ee*eee-"Mr. Danilo sir!" One of the more authoritative-looking servants stepped forward. "I have excellent news! The huge profits from the latest drug- aarghmytoes-""No no no." Danilo blundered through them like a concrete bowling ball through stained glass skittles. Or at least he walked through their former position, as security guards flung aside servants foolish enough to be in their Lord's way. "Too early for business," Danilo grumbled, oblivious to the yelps and splats to his rear. "Coffee first. Kitchens are this way."Oh god, a second servant corona. He grimaced. They're like dandruff, orbiting me like that. Kowtow time-"Mr. Danilo!" the servant yelped, hopping, clutching her crushed foot. "We took the liberty of arranging your coffee." She did? Coffee? _Coffee!_ "This is most urgent, we really must talk! Anton, you have it-?"Danilo stumbled to a halt. "Preparation! Good thinking, that woman! You! - Anton?" His gaze swept the group. A quivery young servant in coat-and-tails held up a gorgeously prepared cappuccino, only slightly spilled. Danilo snatched it up and downed it in one gulp. "Oh-*ahhh*-ohhyes. Beautiful. Now! You were saying?" Danilo threw the empty cup over his shoulder and rubbed his hands together. Coffee! Bliss! Cognition! Now I'm ready to knock the day for six. "Expound further on the vastness of my profits, if you'd be so kind."A careful smile played across the senior servant's face. "Indeed, Mr. Danilo! Nine million dollars in the first day's sales alone. Congratulations are in order!"Well that's just super! He brightened. "And that's in Bogota alone?""Yes, Mr. Danilo! May we then have your permission to drop your new 'samples' in the Caracas water supply?"Danilo took a second cup from Master Anton and swigged at it. His eyes lidded. "Indeed you may. Supply cannot exist without demand, nor t'other. Yin/yang, Jedi/Sith, Roadrunner/Coyote. Any economist will tell you that." His entourage chuckled. "Proceed.""Yes, Mr. Danilo." The servant gave a quick nod to her subordinate, who began tapping at her tablet.Sip. Sip. Danilo gazed out the window to his left, gazed over his mansion's new park grounds. The rolling manicured hills, the statues, the obligatory trimmed bush maze, hurr hurr, the full-size river meandering its way through his grounds, the lab zoo full of charmingly exotic animals champing at the bit to partake exquisite drugs, the 27-hole golf course - profit sponges, the lot. He frowned. Odd bit of smoke coming off the zoo-"Mr. Danilo-" began a waistcoated servant. Danilo jumped."Don't do that!" he whined."Er, sorry Mr. Danilo-!" The servant's sentence broke off. A commotion began."Don't mention it," Danilo said, still contemplating the view of his estates. He frowned again. He sipped his coffee. "I think a statue," he began, using coffee cup as lecture pointer. "Another one. Over there." Another underling began furiously jotting down his master's wisdom. "A great big statue made of cold-pressed heroin or something, of Karl Marx French-kissing Uncle Sam. To symbolize the union of our two ideologies, you understand. I've got a few books being delivered on that! Copies for all!"He turned. "What do you think of that - where'd you go-" He directed his gaze two metres higher. "Put him down!" This to a hulking security guard, pausing in the process of detaining the servant in question."Sorry sah," the guard rumbled, dropping the servant from two metres up. Crunch.Danilo sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose. The crosses I bear-"Was there something you wished to bring to my attention?" he asked the rumpled servant."Hne brook m nonse!" the servant squawked, pointing a finger up."Yes yes, they do that." Danilo tutted. "They earn their pay. On occasion they miscalculate. A thousandth apologies. Doctor? Ease his pain." He snapped his fingers. A servant in a white lab coat trembled her way forward, injected the unfortunate man with painkillers, and scurried off. "Now, you were saying?"The waistcoated man staggered to his feet, staring up at Danilo. He dabbed his nose and yelped, then scrabbled around for and snatched up the dusty suitcase he'd dropped. "Uh - Mr. Danilo sir - I run one of your research labs - er -" He wrung his hands and looked awkward."Yes?" Danilo swigged the last of his coffee. Without shifting his gaze, he opened the coffee-cupped hand and closed it again, in the certain knowledge that (1) the descending cup would be caught, but more importantly that (2) a brimming replacement cup would be placed in his hand instantly. "What of it?" Sip."Well-""Get to the point, sunshine, or Miss Tiggy-Winkle here," he reached as high as he could and slapped the small of his security guard's broad back, "will Help You With Your Enquiries." Miss Tiggy-Winkle smiled beatifically and cracked his knuckles."Mr. Danilo sir this latest drug batch has side effects - nasty ones!" the man squealed."Oh? Like?" Sip."Well it it uh - it-"The entire mansion jolted a metre to the left.Acres of glass shattered, horrid grinding sounds filled the hallway, statues overturned, servants tumbled in all directions, Danilo found himself thrown to the floor in an awful confusion of masonry and dust. Dust! Blinded, by god! Cappuccino 3 splashed from his hand and landed on someone, in the tumult he couldn't tell who. Hell, who cares? It's a goddamn earthquake! Jagged shards of glass and stone crumpled onto him. He curled whimpering into the foetal position.Animal bellows echoed up the hallway. Lots and lots of them, and they sounded furious.---"You, Sanchez, you're with me! Adela, take the left flank, I want those gates leveled! Take that group of ten, yes you bastards! Move! Alejandro, take these sacks, get the others chewing them down. That's right, the ones on the far river bank, I want them awakened too!"He regarded Big. Big, barking orders left and right. Hippos thundered this way and that, marching with furios purpose. Good lord! He's using words! Commanding us! And in a hurry, isn't he just? He's - looking at me-"Sanchez!" Big barked. "Get over here!"Crikey! He waddled over."Yes-?" he began. He stopped. He rolled the word around in his mouth, sparkling with novelty, savouring the word, tasting it. "Yes. Yeesss."It tasted like power."Sanchez." The huge hippo stomped closer. "What the hell are you doing?""You- I'm, who, who's Sanchez?""You are! Pay attention, Sanchez!" Big brandished a book past him with the speed-blurred title New Names For Tiny Tots. "I can't shout 'You there' at every single one of us. There are dozens, we'll need names, any names, this tome provides them. You are Sanchez. I am Garcia. The others - you will learn." Big, er no, Garcia, leaned in closer. "Understand, Sanchez?""Er, yes - yes!" Sanchez felt a lurch of pride. "Right with you-""Good lad! Proud of you. Now follow me!" Garcia thundered. "The People are rising, the People are strong!" He galloped to the nearest of the two trucks.Right! Yes! The People! That's us - but, er, what? What's he on about? Sanchez broke into a lumbering canter over to Garcia.Garcia glared at the engine belching smoke, reared up on his hind legs, then slammed his forelegs onto it. Metal screamed and burped, but flame-roaring ceased. "Good!" he grunted. "Sanchez, same again with the other engine."Um, all right- Sanchez attempted the same trick. Stamping on burning metal? Is this a good idea? Big-er-Garcia will be angry if I don't - he gingerly attempted it, and found it was like stamping on soggy reeds. No big deal. Relief hit him and he gave a properly good stamp. Result!The two hippos stomped a few more times, snuffing out the last bits of flame. Garcia trotted to the back of his truck, stared inside and grinned, which when a hippo does it, is mighty impressive.He reached inside and started hauling out one dusty sack after another. "You five," he brandished a foreleg at another hippo group leafing through a few of the books spilled from the other truck, gasping every few sentences and eyes widening every second, "get over here and help me too!""Yes boss!" "Right away boss!" The group bustled over and hauled ass."My god, boss, have you seen this stuff?" one said, clambering out, five huge sacks on her back. "These papery things are amazing! Crammed with info. No wonder humans stare at them!""'Course I have," said Garcia, panting under his own load. "Just now. We all have. Thought-provoking, are they not?"Sanchez dropped a crate of books on his own pile, head spinning. What is this powder? he wondered. What's it done to us?- well, whatever it is, I like it. Those hairy human things are just the worst. Just the worst. Fences and metal acrid smells and stuff. Bad people. Say, these books have a lot of info on bad people too - I feel dots being connected-!"'What does 'bourgeoisie' mean?" he said."'Bourgeoisie'?" Garcia cackled, harsh. "It means 'human'. It means 'tyrant'. It means 'A face just crying out to be punched'. When the other lot get back, we'll discuss all that-""Reporting, boss!"A thunder of stomping. Dozens of hippos strutted their way through tall grass and trees towards the trucks, eyes burning, snouts powdery, forelegs clasping books.Garcia dropped the last of his sacks and stood on his hind legs. "Ladies and gentlemen!" he roared down at the crowd pressing around him. "Welcome! Glad you could all make it!"A roar of approval blasted off the crowd. "Good old Garcia!" "Three cheers for us hippos!" "Death to bourgeois dickheads!"Garcia flung a foreleg up at Danilo's mansion, occupying quite a lot of the nearby hill. "See that?"Cheers and savage hooting. Sanchez found his head fizzing with fierce joy. "We see it, boss!" he shouted back. The crowd joined him. "We see it! What would you ask of us?" They waved red books over their heads."You see it?" Garcia thundered again. "Home of the oppressors! Home of evil! Home of those who would lock us up for their pleasure!" He swept the crowd with his other forearm. "Will you stand for that?"As one hippo, every last one shouted "NO!" Sanchez felt his eardrums pop.Garcia slammed his chest. "I feel the smart of injustice, right here! So do you! So do all good hippos! Who here thirsts for vengeance?"As one hippo, "WE DO!" Sanchez felt his heart leap.Garcia sucked in an extra-large breath. "Who's up for a bit of killing?""WE ARE!" He soared."Then let us quench our bloodthirst! Join me! We'll paint the town red!" Garcia dropped back on all fours and launched himself at the hole in the fence. Sanchez and the rest crashed through after them, and galloped at the mansion, ready to kick heroic amounts of ass.---"Mr. Danilo sir, this way! We must get you to safety."Danilo found himself wedged between giants.Fearful groanings of granite foundation being shoved around by a giant's fist again roared their way up the hallway, muffled only slightly by the original Bayeux Tapestry, fluttering in the breeze. A tight group of hefty bodyguards, with their lord Danilo corked twixt them, jogged very deliberately back up the hallway and away from the tumult. Assorted servants ran alongside.Danilo's heart hammered in his chest, and not just from the unaccustomed exercise. Bloody hell! It's been far too long since I had to deal with a drug lord attack! Takes me back, right back to the bad old days before I stomped my biggest rivals flat. Lucky these fellows are veterans of that time, what? He grinned to himself. Lucky I prepared!As Danilo and his bodyguard mantle bustled through his mansion, he got a prime view of his staff's reaction. The place buzzed like a tot kicking a steel beehive. The younger and less experienced servants scampered from one hidey hole to another, panicked and bawling, but the more seasoned people, those made of sterner stuff, they'd been through this before, they knew what was what. As Danilo's troupe tramped away from the heat zone, he got heartening snaphots of his lads and lasses in action, punching apparently innocuous sections of room wall, reaching into the cavities now yawning before them, and extracting nasty-looking guns. Lots of guns.A house-wide Tannoy system squealed into action. "Executing defensive plan nine," someone intoned. The servant bustling redoubled, elderly matrons brandished Kalashnikovs and barked frenzied orders to cleaning maids.Sounds of clumsy smashings and scrapings diminished with distance. "Cor," Miss Tiggy-Winkle rumbled, joining Danilo at staring at the mansion-to-fortress transform. "Blast from t' past, ain't it?""It is!" Danilo felt his initial panic crescendo subside, replaced by hard experience snippets. I've been through far worse! This is nothing! "Were you with us when the Gonzalez Dervish Legion put that billion-dollar bounty on my head?""You jokin' me?" the bodyguard replied. "You'd just bribed me away from 'em! 'S why they did that.""Oh- quite right!" said Danilo. "Yes! My apologies, Mr. Winkle. Without your priceless intel, crushing them would have taken years longer.""Yeh, and with it," said the man-mountain, "we stomped 'em flat in no time, an', an' I got to string up the lot.""That you did. That you did!" Danilo chuckled. Warm memories, memories of victory and triumph and shattered enemies thronged his mind. Happy days! And here's me thinking those times were gone forever. "Care to do it again? With whoever's attacking us?"Miss Tiggy-Winkle grinned. "Yeah, I would! Won't know what's hit 'em!""Good lad - ah, here we are."Danilo and his security mantle emerged into the bright noonday sunshine of his mansion's main internal courtyard, a perfect square fifty metres on a side, surrounded by windows and trees. Disgustingly expensive bleached-white granite gravel crunched under everyone's feet. A fountain, a ten-times-magnified replica of that Belgian kid urinating, tinkled in the background. Several hundred servants, butlers, cleaners, security detail, the lot, milled around, chatting in groups, apparently not all that alarmed, heavy rifles hitched under shoulders or on the ground next to them. A main core of well over a hundred security troops clustered around portable screens, most looking with some concern, the rest cleaning their guns and keeping on their toes. With Danilo's entrance, a susurrus of murmurs burst about, servants gasping as their master approached.Danilo waddled toward them, his mantle fanning out and around the courtyard. "Report, boys! Info-dump time. What's afoot?" A fresh servant corona began forming anew. Servant staff continued pouring from behind Danilo and joining their brothers and sisters in the courtyard.The more senior of them gave a start. "My lord!" one said. "Er-""Well? What's going on? Who's attacking?""It, er, looks like a false alarm, my lord!""A false alarm?" Danilo stopped, genuinely surprised. "What do you mean? Half our windows are smashed! The zoo's burning!"Another servant looked up from a security monitor. "It's - hippos, sir.""Hippos?" Danilo barked. "Hippos? What do you mean?""Those hippos you ordered last month," she said. "They escaped. They're smashing up the other end of the chateau."Danilo clenched eyes shut and pinched the bridge of his nose. Hippos. I was genuinely starting to savour this! A taste of the good old days, you know? But just a few stray animals?"Fine, fine. Gun those insolent bastards down," he snapped. "And order me some new hippos! Grateful ones!""Er - you don't want to just recapture them-""No!" he shouted. "They'll not dangle hope at me - actually, tell you what, not hippos, better zoo animals, rustle up an army and steal some Navy SEALs. Some actual enemies to gloat at. And upgrade the enclosure walls.""Er - yes my lord!""You lot." Danilo waved a hand at the hundreds of security troops. "I want those hippos dead yesterday. See to it.""Yes, Mr. Danilo sir!" Sergeants barked orders, the troops shouldered rifles and marched back into the mansion proper.Noise levels dipped as the courtyard emptied. "Damn it," moaned Danilo. He wiped his brow and collapsed backwards in the certain knowledge that the Corona would produce a comfy armchair for him to plonk into. "Call me a fool if you like," he said to no-one in particular, wiggling his ass deeper into the cushions. "Part of me was actually looking forward to a good ol' rumble."The Corona squealed. "Oh no sir!" "You're not a fool, sir!" "Your wisdom humbles us, sir!""Oh yeah?" All of a sudden Danilo felt all stroppy. He felt off-kilter. These hippos don't smell right. "Wanting a battle?" he snapped. "Endangering you all? That's rookie bravado, that is, a street hustler trying that would be dead in two seconds flat. Or it's a sign I'm going soft.""No, sir!" "You're a great leader, sir!" "You'd never-""Enough!" he roared. "Kowtow!" A rump sea.Aah, that's better. Silence is golden. He lay back and closed his eyes. I could do with a wee snooze.Roughly two minutes later - "My lord," said one of the few security guards still present, "our guards are about to engage the hippos, would you like to listen in-?"Danilo opened his eyes. "Yes I would. Put it on the Tannoy system.""Yes, my lord." She nodded at a subordinate. The loudspeakers festooning the mansion clicked and hissed, then lit up with the radio common band used by the approaching guard squads."Fucking big bastards, ain't they? - Yeah of course, they're hippos, haven't you seen 'em - dumb animals wrecking the place, must drive Sir mad-"Danilo nodded sagely. Then he gave a start. Oh yeah. "You lot can get up again," he said to the kowtowing servants, "but keep your traps shut, got it?" They stirred and rose again, looking sheepish."-There they are!" continued the common band. "I can see 'em in the library, right down the other end - right, kids, shoulder guns, their skin's thick but a headshot will take 'em out beautiful - awful quiet, ain't they? - advance, guns forward - bang - I got one, I got one! - no you didn't - can't tell at this distance - smoke, there's burning up ahead, blowing down the corridor this way, can't see no flames though - shit it's thick, who's got IR? - what, for fighting hippos? Dream on sistah, just use your normal goggles - can't see a thing in this muck - Shssh! Can't you blokes hear that? - Hear what? - They're in there, I know it! Tiptoeing this way - keeping pace with the smoke? - Don't be a fool sonny, they're only hippos, not that smart - I can hear them sir, I can! They're right in front of us bangbangbang - Cease fire! That's a bloody order! You kids up the front, cork it! This is pest control, not a battle, I'll not have you spreading panic. Understand? - Er yes sir. - Yes sir! - Good! This smoke, can you detect the source? No fires ahead? - No sir - Good, then push through it and find those hippos - CRASH - ohgodthey'rebehindus bangbangb - What? How- - bang Pull back! - bangbang CRASH - Yessir pulling baaaa - they'reinthewalls-"Sanchez roared into the smog. So did about ten 'comrades', right on his tail. That's the right name, isn't it? They charged blind into the hallway and charged some more and trampled one human after another after another and he screwed his eyes shut tight against that damn smoke and wished he could shut his nose too. All those bangs! So much acrid! So much - ouch, so many body-jabs - he blundered tumbling figures aside and his forehead crunched on something pliant. Wall? Floor? Bodies?He opened his eyes and wished he hadn't. Smoke really stings! Eyes shut again. He picked up a bit of speed again and the wind-whoosh around him suggested a wider space.He came to another halt. Open. Less smoke. Another room in this great big building! Open windows with breeze. Curious place, this - look, those booky things, they're on little platforms around the walls, humans must love them-His colleagues cantered from the hallway smoke and clattered to a halt around him. All were caked with red, up to the knees. "Hah!" one crowed. "We showed that smug asshole! Did you hear what he said? 'Pest control', indeed!""We showed him, didn't we?" said another. "Showed the lot. Just get behind them? That's all it takes?""Yeah!" said Sanchez. "Er - everyone all right? Those acrid things hurt!""Yeah," a third said. "Scratched me good. Not all this blood is theirs. Nothing serious though, this powdery stuff is amazing! Such strength! And you, er- er, Sanchez?""Bit painful," said Sanchez, walking gingerly, "but same as you, nothing nasty-""Squa-aaad!" roared Garcia, outside and some distance away. "To me!"The hippo troupe stamped back to the hallway. Freshening breezes thinned the smoke.Garcia stomped their way, more hippos behind him, abandoning the bonfire they'd lit on the granite floor. "Not a bad trick, was it? Good work, my comrades.""Where are the others?" asked Sanchez."Scouting out the rest of the mansion, the other buildings," said Garcia. "There could be more of these sods."The smoke cleared fully, exposing a carpet of dead and dying soldiers. Those few not literally trampled flat whimpered in agony.A radio abandoned on the floor crackled. "Report!" someone commanded on the other end. "Killed those damn hippos yet? What's going on?"Garcia chortled. "Oho! What have we here?" He waded over the soldier stratum, which made audible cracking sounds. "I've seen these things in our new books. They're, er-""Radios, sir," said Sanchez. "I think-""Radios, well done that man!" said Garcia.It crackled again. "Report, you ungrateful soldier, or there'll be no gruel in tonight's porridge."Garcia picked the thing up. He peered at it."You push that big button on the side," said Sanchez. Garcia gave Sanchez a quizzical look. "Er, I think."Garcia shrugged, and did so. "To whom have I the honour of speaking?" he asked.A pause. "No?" he said. "Apparently not_""I could ask you the same question!" the other person said. Garcia almost dropped it in surprise. "Who's your commanding officer?" came the crackly voice."No-one commands here but I," said Garcia. "What's your name?""Screw names, have you killed those hippos?""Killed?" Garcia laughed. "I think not. We are very much alive. I'll ask you again. To whom am I speaking?"Through the radio line came splutters. "You - this is a full-on attack?"Garcia grinned. "You understand at last. All bourgeois will fall, starting with you.""You - what - great!" Somewhat more distantly, the voice shouted "war's back on the menu, boys! Stiffen the sinews, summon up the blood, all that jazz."Garcia looked puzzled. "He - welcomes his ruin?" He rallied. "So be it! Smash oppression head-on!"Yes, yes! Sanchez exulted. "We're all behind you, boss!" The other hippos nodded and clacked their jaws together.The radio crackled again. "You there!""Indeed?" Garcia said coolly."You're - Communists, are you?""We certainly are." Garcia preened. So did Sanchez, trying to look important."Are you many? Much of a threat?""Mock us at your peril, kulak," said Garcia. "We'll do to you what we did to your conscripts." He kicked at what remained of one, making a squelching sound."Do try! I've been learning about Communism, you know. You can tell me all about it after the battle. In my dungeon, hung by your toes from the ceiling.""You will regret your arrogance! You-""Danilo.""I beg your pardon?""You asked my name. Danilo de Silva. Perhaps you've heard of me, eh? Eh? You're in my house, boy! Wrecking my shit! I like your blast from the past, I really do, but like yellow lipstick and the trickle-down effect, some fads are best enjoyed dead."Garcia hissed at that. "You dig your own grave! Your death will be an example to the rest!""Suit yourself, kiddo. You - er, 'scuse me a sec, war planning, actual adults demand my attention-"Garcia flung the radio down, fizzing with anger. "Kiddo!" he snarled. "Kiddo! Did you hear him?" The hippo crowd stomped in anger, all affronted."We'll garrot him, boss!""We'll hit 'im for six, don't you worry!""But did you catch what he said?" asked Sanchez."We all did!" said a dozen hippos."Yeah but - I don't think he knows we're hippos! I-" A thought struck him."Well? What of it?" said Garcia.Soldier stuff - Barbarossa! Sanchez thought through the books cauterized across his mind. She has quite a lot to say on warfare... "We could, er, use that in battle, sir. Use-"Hang on a sec. Sanchez rotated an ear. "What's that?"Garcia turned. "-Oh? What?""Those sounds!" Distant truck motors, sirens, rotor blades, swells of voices, tank treads."Hope you've brought your brown pants, young grasshoppah," said Danilo. "You're going to need them."Huge army trucks redlined their way up the mansion driveway and screeched to a halt outside. Off them piled many hundreds of soldiers, not your domestic security chaff, real proper soldiers this time, waving huge guns around, pumping the air and whooping. More trucks skidded in through the property gates some miles off, engines roaring fit to wake the dead. Several tanks rumbled back and forth. Close above, light helicopters and heavy drones whizzed this way and that, relaying precious video for their masters' eyes, the better to spy out the terrible armies of Communist might no doubt on their way.Danilo jogged once more, ensconced amid a second, rather heftier bodyguard ring, all flexy jaws and Rambo headbands. His soap-bubble mansion no place for a full-on shindig, Danilo and pals trotted out the mansion's hangar-door-sized main entrance, across an Aladeen-styled courtyard, and into a camouflaged circular bunker he'd had subtly concealed inside a nearby hill summit for just such an occasion as this.Once inside the concrete cocoon, Danilo's gun corona blossomed open, and out he popped. Finally! He wheezed to a halt, mopped his brow and got his breath back. Then he rubbed hands in glee. Battle, a real battle! With real Communists! Mind you, he decided, if this is Castro's attempt at a birthday present again, I'll kill him. He made a mental note to send the fellow cigars.He gazed around, alone and unmolested for the first time that day. The bunker was a circular affair some sixty metres across, produced by snipping the tip off a hill and raising it some metres - open plan, concrete-floored, concrete-roofed, equipment lockers, kit piles, and steel supports every few metres, which supported the topsoil and mature conifers atop their heads. Naval guns and rocket launchers peeped from concealed firing ports, crewed by his usual capable psychos, covering Danilo's sprawling grounds in all directions. Outside, the reinforcements his army goons had called up strutted their stuff, on parade, bayonetting straw sacks, digging trenches, football matches, whatever the hell it is soldiers do.Not bad, not bad, I feel a tad safer here- Danilo clutched his silk dressing gown around him, wishing he had stouter fare. Not for reasons of modesty, he was perfectly at ease rubbing his not inconsiderable ass into the face of every man, woman and child on the premises, and at Kim Kardashian's private concert a few months back, had, he just felt the oddest chill run through him.Miss Tiggy-Winkle strode up to him, stooping to avoid banging his head on the ceiling. "Ready sah!" he shouted. "We's dug in, we's ready, no Commies will threaten us here, or m' name isn't Tiggy-Winkle.""You know-. I've always been meaning to ask you-." said Danilo.Miss Tiggy-Winkle's face tightened as he attempted what he probably thought was a knowing chuckle. "Y' mean, why Tiggy-Winkle, boss?""Yeah.""If youse in battle, and youse hear of an enemy called Tiggy-Winkle on 'is way, would you stay all match fit 'n ready? Or - would y' giggle 'n slouch 'n go soft?""Ohh, I see," Danilo nodded sagely. "Good thinking.""Yeah!""Sir!" more personnel jogged across the bunker interior, some glaring at tablets. "No sign of the attacking Communists, sir. We can't see anyone.""What?" Danilo frowned. "No-one anywhere?""No sir, we can ID every last person on the entire grounds as friendly.""Well, get the drone fleets up! They must be somewhere. Find them!""We did, sir! Ten minutes ago. Still nothing.""Give me that tablet!" Danilo glared at it for some seconds. He tutted, then pointed. "Could they be hiding under those hippos?""Sir?""Those hippos," Danilo said again, impatiently. "There!" He tapped a finger on a bird's-eye view of a group of around thirty hippos, meandering their way across the mansion grounds a couple of hundred metres away. "They've been no end of trouble. Perfect cover.""Yes, sir, we'd thought of that too, and we've double-checked. No Communists under, above, nearby or even inside them. Every scan we have. They're just an escaped herd. There are more in the mansion. We think the Communists might have let them loose to sow confusion-""Yes yes all right." Danilo flapped a hand. "Keep looking."He waddled to the bunker's edge and rested elbows on the ring-window's concrete lip. He stared down at the hippo herd, gently ambling around, now forming a rough line, mansions, soldiers, hippos, and pausing every few seconds to nip at an especially tasty bit of grass.Damn odd. Don't like this at all. I've fought battles with colleagues corking it left and right, but my spirit soared the whole time, never felt so alive. But this? Doesn't feel right. He could feel this queasy tension twisting his innards. He looked around him. The mood's infectious, he thought. Look at everyone's faces.I bet those hippos down there aren't troubled by that. Danilo gazed at a really big one, eating grass right out of a soldier's hand. It whinnied and nuzzled at her emptied hand and snorted for more. Aw, isn't that nice. Other hippos, spaced more or less evenly along the new army parade grounds, did the same- now hang on just a minute. Danilo started. Tame? Aren't hippos stroppy assholes-?Horrid rumbles and screams of bending architecture blasted off the mansion. Every last soldier in the bunker or surrounding it snatched up and shouldered their guns, vibrating with tension."No no, false alarm!" commanded Danilo. "There's another group of hippos blundering around inside, remember?" The nearer soldiers relaxed a tad, grinning in relief.At that point several things happened at once.First, from inside the mansion, a volcanic voice bellowed "GREASE UP YOUR CORNHOLES, KULAKS!" Five hundred gun barrels jolted at this, ready to fire, every last soldier staring down the mansion.Second, upon that awful roar, all thirty outside hippos bunched their hind legs, shouted "FOR STALIN," and cannonned their way into their rear, sending the rearmost ranks bursting and scattering. The frontmost soldiers jerked their guns around against the rearguard attack, aimed, began spraying bullets-Third, the mansion's front facade burst open as another thirty giant hippos stamped forward at a full gallop, lowered foreheads, they charged the martial chaos too, both charges crushed it flat - A bunker rocket salvo slammed into the melee. Sanchez reeled. It was like a pile-driver to the chest. His ears rang, the stink of hippo blood crowded his nostrils, he could hear several friends screaming, it clutched at his heart-"All hippos!" he could hear Garcia roar. "Form a charge line, form up, on your feet! Heads down-" kersplodes, rocket popcorn, more blood-spray "-you are the toughest there are, you will stand ground!" Sanchez clambered up and took his place in the line, head spinning - "Good! Now - charge!"The line of crimson monsters charged the bunker. The world fell out of Danilo's ass.He squealed and ran for it, past his elite bodyguard swearing they'd scored direct hits, honest, are these loaded with fucking blanks or something, past the artillery crews bawling at each other to snatch shells from too-far-away ammo lockers, sprinted like a man half his age to the opposite side's windows and got a hand on the sill before the entire bunker started tipping sideways. He screamed and launched himself from it, rolling down the hill. Red mist descended.Red mist ascended and Danilo found himself next to a Jeep and surrounded by four dead soldiers, necks snapped at the base and a car key clutched in a fist. His fingers looked all bruised. He stared goggle-eyed at his hands, spluttering, bile rising in this throat. He was going to throw up -Distant roars of "Victory!" made him spin around. Victory? Those fiends didn't massacre my boys? But thick smoke columns belched from both bunker and mansion, and in the distance he could see several dozen truck-sized lozenges dance around a fire. He glanced around. None of those monsters close up, thank Mary, hell, no humans either, can't see anyone.He wedged himself into the Jeep's driver's seat and got the thing started and drove off as quickly as he dared.