ThoughtsOverarching theme: how about Ambition? Danilo's at the far end of the ambition spectrum - beaten off his rivals years ago, stands alone at the top of his hierarchy, full of riches and wealth and soft and flabby and complacent. Hippos challenge his might, the ol' warhorse nostalgises for a rumble but gets out of his depth in seconds flat, gets thrashed and barely escapes with his life, bleating.Julia is a seasoned veteran, not yet accumulated Danilo's decades, but still in her prime, sharp and formidable. Present-day high-level experience and plenty of it keeps her sharp.Sanchez and Garcia kick off the book as novices, inexperienced, total novices, but they hunger, they burn with ambition, to stamp their mark on the world. Their learning rate goes through the roof, the HSSR rises like mad and so do they. They diverge and fight later.Foreshadow Julia's insecurity about being upstaged by the hot new sensations? She may well see herself as Danilo in 10-20 years.Hippo plot arc:Hippos. They're treated horribly. Given their lord's offcuts, the table scraps, the spare cocaine so awful it's like coal dust, and sometime it actually is. They're downtrodden and in shitty conditions and trotted out at parties to dance and do rodeo on. Sometimes Danilo dangles happiness in front of them just to taunt 'em.And they are intelligent.See, Danilo's science kids have also been testing the latest cocaine prototypes on them. Make sure they're not deadly. Lab rats. One batch after another. Prototype 272 made them crave hemp. 281 made them attractive to moths. 313 made them burp fire. And 317 made their brains fizz like never before.So did 322, and 335, and quite a few others. But they knew enough to keep their mouths shut about it - one hippo spoke up and protested, and didn't even get through the first sentence before fifty heavy machine guns prodded his anus. He got chained up publicly. That hippo is Garcia. Fierce volcanic anger bubbles through him at all times. Vengeance fuels him. Base him partially on Khan, and partially on that amazing Romulan captain Troi duels wits with. Dominant charisma. He's suave and charismatic and likes to put on a show - but it conceals a core of fury and hatred.He improves quickly over the course of the plot. First he's all raw brawn and clumsy power, mass assaults first against Danilo's guards, then billion-bird waves smashing into Venezuelan guns, massive casualties. With cocaine his learning rate is through the roof, develops tactics and strategy and takes on US carrier groups with efficient, insidious and nasty tactics. Start of Act 3, he's significantly more skilled at warfare in all its forms than Julia, and she knows it.Sanchez is a different matter - all manner of garbage gets shovelled in the menagerie - "the zoo animals will eat it", including magazines and books. Lots of them. Saves pulping them. Including hundreds of copies of The Communist Manifesto, which Danilo bought on a whim and distributed to his entire staff, then lost interest in about five minutes later and threw out. Sanchez devoured it. He and the other hippos get front-row seats to Danilo taunting Garcia regularly, and it pains Sanchez. His heart bleeds for Garcia and his torment. He reads tracts of the Manifesto and other fashion mags to wee baby hippos on his knee. Base him on Daniel Jackson from Stargate. Intelligent and conscientious and a bit nerdy.Sanchez could also shield wee baby hippos and other test animals from the worst ravages of Danilo's lab kids, taking their drug doses (there's nowhere to hide them, and the techs get suspicious if not all doses are taken). He has side effects. A lame leg?Sanchez plot arc: he kicks things off devoted to Garcia and hippo rights, but as Garcia and HSSR attain real power, becomes more and more disillusioned with G's brute force approach.Oh dear. Here's one way to manage the climax. Act 2 involves Julia putting on the Biggest Evar Porno, mainly through Sanchez's indirect encouragement. Acts 2 and start of 3 involve Sanchez slowly getting to know, and then starting to trust Julia. One way Julia could conquer Garcia is by using anything as a weapon - including Sanchez. Betray his trust, use him like a puppet.The hippos are biding their time, bottling their fury, waiting for the right moment to splurge.Sanchez and Garcia reminisce about the awful months since being yoinked from the Congo, the shit Danilo does to them.Climax/EndingExternal: Sanchez and Garcia wish to attack Park Privilege - the disproportionately biggest Capitalist stronghold in Africa, hostages/enemies galore, plus gateway to the Congo and 99% of the world's hippos. Julia is trying like hell, after two failures, to assassinate them both and/or bring down the HSSR.Internal: Garcia is now a formidable general, can twist campaigns out of thin air, and yearns to test his mettle in the toughest arena of all. Sanchez Chapter 1. An introduction of sorts.Danilo gets up, we get introduced to the fact he's a jolly asshole, and he is a drug lord.Intro to drug labs. Anonymous lab techs dispense various powders to various species of animal, and hilarious side effects ensue. But mainly to hippos. There are several dozen in a mile-wide pen, and one great big fucker in another pen by himself. Kept separate. His eyes are red with flaming anger. And he can talk.Danilo pursues coffee, gets updated on new drugs, especially Crazy Joe's. How's batch 722 going? Has it procured the results we're after?The lab techs feed batch 722 to the hippos. Enough is enough, this batch is awful. The hippos break their bonds and rise up.Danilo retreats with bodyguard, terrified. He mistakes this for an actual human Communist attack. He rallies and looks forward to it. His senior officers seem uncertain and aren't too keen on his orders, but hey, he's the boss, follow orders. His troops engage hippos, they get killedHippos verbally duel with Danilo via radio. Danilo still thinks it's humans attacking.Danilo retreats to battle bunker, his hippos slaughter main army, they pursue him, he stays just out of punch range, they argue, he scarpersInstead of the hippos attaining sentience right now, they got it some time ago. Danilo feeds the shitty leftover cocaine to his private menagerie. Sometimes he feeds them the super-duper batches, just to watch them dance. Fun! They've been sentient and cooped-up and hopping mad for months. Smarting under their lord's injustice.Let's buff Sanchez up a bit. Savvy and determined and tricksy. Garcia is more raw volcanic anger, burnished by being forced to eat exceptionally awful coke, and table scraps.We see Danilo as a jolly asshole. Later, at Park Privilege, we meet others rather like him, and he's a regular winner of their Dickhead contest. Nice people get snuffed out. Julia gives him a run for his money though.Danilo is eager to lap up some Communism. The truck crashes into their menagerie and burns.Chapter 2.We get introduced to Julia right at the climactic end of some previous mission. All the usual plot climax tropes dropped in here. A Russian destroyer roars through the surf, barely afloat, belching smoke, a shattered wreck. A steel cable at its bow hauls hauls the wreck forward, pulled by some submerged force. Raging smoke pours from a gaping hole torn in the side, and its missile launchers are spent. You can see into the cockpit - it's occupied by three children, tied together, plus about a dozen burly Russian special forces soldiers, wiry and powerful and formidable - and shrieking in terror at the dark behemoth dimly visible beneath them. Whatever-it-is surges forward and flips a U-turn, flinging the destroyer beachward. The terrorists' craft hits the beach and skid through a flock of obese tourists, then once their craft sweeps to a halt, leap out, with their juvenile hostage trio at gunpoint, running for a nearby giant summery hotel lobby-pavillionny sort of building. Vast thing, bigger than the Eiffel tower, main lobby, thousands of deckchairs, some sunny, some shady, a galaxy of drinks bars.Rising from the briny abyss like a dark deity storms a Soviet Typhoon nuclear sub, charging along at flank speed, which hits the beach also, slides quite a way up, and knocks over many of the obese tourists just clambering to their feet. Uproar up and down the beach. Officials and security guards scurry every which way like a kicked anthill. The soldiers sprint into the building - and as they cross the threshold, the sub fires a ballistic missile. It sputs over the soldiers' heads in a great big arc.They scamper inside the lobby and up to the main counter, guns held by the barrel, sobbing with terror, pull handcuffs off the security guards' belts, handcuff themselves and surrender the kids, sobbing "No! No! We'll turn ourselves in! We'll reform! Just keep us away from Her - we'll do ANYTHING" The missile smashes into the building from directly above. The whimpering kids hide behind the guards, fearful. The soldiers jab trembling fingers back at the beached sub -"Aah! The she-devil taunts us!" Half of them scream and faint. The missile is jammed into the station's roof and points ass-up, barely-ticking-over engines sputtering fumes, nose cone halted almost directly over the soldiers, but *directly* directly over a bar nearby, called Captain Rooti's Tutti Frutti Drink-a-rooni. The cone grinds to a halt a metre over the barmaid's head. She doesn't even flinch, just looks up and shakes his head and grins. He's seen this shit before.Quite a Privilege crowd has gathered, spontaneous ring of lobby tourists gawking at the action. Management shoulder through, demanding answers. Bangs can be heard from inside the nose cone, then loud swearing. It opens like an eggshell - a few inches, then stops. More loud swearing. Frantic screams sound at the back - a wealth-soaked middle-aged couple, the kids' parents, barge through, snatch them up and sob with relief. "My babies! You're safe!"At last the warhead blossoms fully, and Julia pops out. "Ha-ha! Right on the mark, love this bar. I have you now!" She drops to her feet, right onto the bar counter and brandishing a heavy machine gun. She covers the soldiers, ignoring the dozens of sidearms every last cop has pointed at her. Those soldiers still conscious scream at the sight of her. "Mr. and Mrs. Ahmed, as promised, your children." She snaps a finger at the bar staff cowering behind the bar below her. "Rum and coke, Simon!"The parents look up at her from hugging their kids so hard they're about to burst. "You - you brought our babies back...!""That I did - and herded them right back here, safe and sound, as promised.""On your knees!" bellows the chief security guard, pointing his rifle at her "Do it now!"Julia jumps from bartop to floor and leans against it. "You shut up, boyo - drink! Thanks!" She guzzled. "My god I needed that. You'd not believe the shit those Russkies pass off as booze, three weeks cooped up in that bloody sub, biding my time-"The wee tots look around at her too, and gasp, cherubic smiles spreading. "Auntie Julia! Yaaaay!" They detach from parents and hug her legs, gurgling with pleasure. She sips with one hand and pats heads with other.The main security guard looks uncertain but motions six men to join him.The parents run over to her, trying to speak but finding no words - then burst into tears and throw arms around her too."Oh - oh - how - how can we ever repay you?""*glug* Wire transfer, of course. Like we agreed. Twenty million.""Oh take forty! Fifty! Oh oh my darlings, you'll never leave my sight again-""-Steady on luv, you'll spill my drink-""I am placing you under arrest!" the guard bellows. He makes moves to clap a hand on her shoulder, Julia sees approaching management, winks at them and allows him to manhandle her. "Men, get them off her, you're coming with me-""Captain!" His Halitosisness bellows. "Unhand her! Ms. Clements is a guest! You're new here?"Security grunt and unhand her and she untangles from grateful family and finally has a hard-earned rest after that gruelling mission, pockets crammed with cash."Would you mind moving your submarine, Ms. Clements? It's blocking the beach.""Sorry! Keep it. It's yours.""Again? No. Crashing that space shuttle into my bedroom last month was a nice gimmick, but enough is enough."No pleasing some people, she hmphed.Off she went to the Park's medical bay, "just a few scratches, babe,", snagged another gin and tonic, popped into a private booth, took her top off, rubbed a generous blotch, yelped, swigged, oh look cracked ribs, much bruising, internal bleeding. She treated the affected areas, threw back a few painkillers, glugged more gin while reading the painkillers' label, gave a start at "no alcohol", paused in thought, tapped her chin, shrugged, and hoovered up some medicinal cocaine. I'm getting old, she thought, twenty years ago I'd have dodged those crowbars in my sleep. And rescued those kids a week faster. Sloppy! I need a rest. A rest! A wee drinkie, then several more wee drinkies, then hit the clubs and kidnap a dozen stout lads to share my bed. Drain their vim, replenish.Flollop into one of the tourist hammocks. Ohhhoahhrelaxohgodthissigood.Gin.And now we can resume the hammock reminiscing. Should we abandon the first-person stuff? Mm, yeah, probably.Chapter 3.The revolution is well under way. Previously Sanchez and Garcia were arm-in-arm, fully agreed. Begin peeling the two apart. Only a bit, but foreshadow the rift to come.Kick things off with showing an Awakening from the outside. The caiman Maria. Idea: have a steady stream of new characters Awakened throughout the HSSR arc, as an allegory for the growth, flourishing, and decline of empires. Original hippos: there from the beginning, when the HSSR is a minnow. Pure death ground. They're bright and fierce and full of vim, understanding that they're full of fight or their massive neighbours will crush them. Victory is a distant hope, plausible yet snuff-out-able at any second.Maria: Awakened when the HSSR is still an underdog power-wise, yet thrashing its opponents. Still bright and energetic, but victory happens right now, not later. Her vim lacks that desperate edge. The plenty that victory brings has not yet arrived; she is humble and thrifty.Let's invent, say, a condor, Viago. Awakened when the HSSR is a well-established Power. Halfway through book, or later. his psyche is backed by a tradition of victory and well-resourced institutions. He is accustomed to both victory and plenty. His fighting has zero desperation; he's efficient but has a tinge of flab. He can be sloppy, expecting firepower to compensate for cunning.One more character? A toucan, Rafaela. Awakened towards the end. Raised in luxury; never worked a day in her life. Sloppy, crap in a fight.Anyway. More characterisation. Sanchez specialises in economy, Garcia military. Classic RTS symbiosis - economy fuels military, military protects economy. Also, creation/destruction.Sanchez is in a hippo equivalent of a jeep, driving madly around the various captured places - plans to get a hippo- and non-human-based heavy industry base under way are cranking along at a blistering pace. Farms, plantations, animal population centres - even factories? The Revolution's rural, but we'll see. He's pawing through a tattered copy of The Communist Manifesto for inspiration. Belting out orders to a big swarmey retinue trailing him.Swathes of rural Venezuela and Colombia are captured - no big cities just yet, just towns and some industry. We see hippo overseers, Aviators, the lot (research the Aviator-wearing prison guard trope more, invoke more aspects of it).There's a deep thunderstorm on the horizon. Can we hear shelling crumping in the distance too? Flashes on the ground. It stops.Crowds of non-human animals, work groups, toil merrily away across nearby plantations, most with powder moustaches. Recall Danilo's testing labs have animals of all kinds - hippos have taken charge, being the largest and stroppiest present. The groups have shovels over shoulders, work songs, comradely toil, morale high, we're building Communism!Conducting the Revolution's plans for economic expansion, Sanchez happens upon a series of bombed-out craters. This was once a town, with human survivors scrabbling in the wreckage. Shattered homes. He's a bit torn. Only a bit. He's right behind the Revolution, but regrets the necessity of inflicting suffering. Observing wee kiddies playing, he realises that not all humans have Danilic levels of assholery. At least a few seem okay. Have Adam and friends play with them?Stray animals burst through the jungle fringes, moving away from the former shell-crumping, and jog through the town - then the trickle swells to a roar, great hordes stream from the jungly slopes nearby, many bleating with fright and panic, some bloody, some limping, all heady on triumph, pounding the dirt road into sucking mud. They are grey with fatigue, staggering like zombies, shoulders slumped, beyond exhausted - but eyes, though hollow and sunken, sparkle bright, they stand tall, fired up, morale fizzes off them.Trees thrash distantly - and a dozen or so mighty hippos crash from the undergrowth. Garcia leads them, booming laugh, good cheer. A jolly Viking.Venezuela's human ground army put up a hell of a fight, slaughtering great charges of animals in their millions, but ammo is finite, and Garcia's numberless hordes force their retreat - in good order, but retreat nonetheless."You won?" says Sanchez. "Yes!" "But so few survive!""It's for the Revolution." At this point Garcia cares most about brute strength, but is developing glimmerings of tactics and strategy. He is learning from the great generals of old, retinue staggering under book mounds. Hitler, Napoleon, Rimmer. He's in info-sponge mode, soak up anything and everything seeming relevant. "How's your recruitment going?"Sanchez is perturbed by the great loss of life crashing apart against Venezuelan guns. Garcia quotes Stalin Himself, and other generals. Sanchez backs down, feeling rather hurt but convinced it's all for the greater good. He's unsure about whether it's just the staggering casualties, or he's finding a violence-based revolution itself distasteful.Chapter 4.So we've now just built up Julia as this cheerful, gung-ho force of nature, mercenary elite, heavy weapons expert, confirmed kills list long as your arm, replete with a nuclear sub lovingly stolen from Putin's pocket. Go nicely with the Vladmobile. She's just been handed a contract to knock off the hippo leadership. She assembles a quick strike team and off they go, worming their way into the lion's mouth. Open and shut case, right? Wrong. She's used to exclusively human-based security. When every last bit of animal life surrounding your target is a potential or actual enemy, stealth is more easily said than done. A fly may land on your nose and say "Garcia presents his compliments and tells you to fuck off, we can see you coming a mile off matey!" A billion mosquitoes may bite you at once. Standard military is out. She scurries off and retreats to her sub and uses up most of her emergency ammo stopping the sentient seagulls divebombing it. Back to Park Privilege, feeling mighty crestfallen.Let's get through this quickly, establish that Julia's exceptional skills aren't of much use here. Now what? Danilo and his confederates are offering me billions to knock off Hippo Command. That advance is tucked neatly away in my account, I couldn't possibly return it. That not a single past target of mine stands unfragged is just why the Park came to me, and why I'm able to charge such fees in the first place. I'll get this done. But how? More firepower? Chapter 5.Garcia stands on the [find the best Venezuelan military symbol here], posing.He's instructing several dozen animals to paint his official military portrait, atop the shattered rump of the Capitalist swine's best boats, lit by their nuclear impotence. He exults. He radiates. The jokey facade is being replaced by real power, backed by real strategic skill. Napoleonic."None can touch us! Not their spies, not their bombs. Next week we hit Amazonia, then central Africa. Grand strategy. We will out-think the Capitalists. Rainforest, greater animal numbers than anywhere in the world - and hippo brethren."*cocainesnooort* Garcia finds warfare beautiful. Devote a small-ish chapter later on, Garcia POV, showing in graphic detail the terrible beauty of war? Invoke Hitler's line: "Ein volk, ein Reich, ein Fuhrer". Garcia's war machine steamrolls opposing armies - overwhelming first Danilo's guards, then Venezuelan ground troops, finally an entire US carrier group, smug sailors who think their blue-sea distance makes them safe. Hardly. Clumsily at first, brute force, great loss of life, but later with steadily increasing precision. Garcia founds military academies to give his recruits precious training; hosts war games to give them precious experience, conducts military parades to bombast native populations - and subjugated folk too - to his military might.*cocainesnooort* Sanchez finds a state's stewardship and cultivation beautiful. Devote a chapter or scene to this also? SimCity players know full well the satisfaction of creation; of engineering, of construction; of liquid concrete slopping into steel-spidered moulds; of complex systems growing through emergent rules and humming along nicely; so elegant, so crisp, so pleasing. Gentle cultivation. Sanchez too founds academies - education, ecology, biology, mathematics, all that can be purloined from human archive remnants, from teachers, human teachers, forced to belt out precious knowledge to animal classes hungering for info. Look at their wee smiles! Look at their unity! Knowledge blossoms.Sanchez's heart is heavy. The rainforests look mighty empty these days. No army on Earth can resist a flock of birds a hundred kays wide and ten deep, not yet, but our losses are appalling. Stalin mentioned a million deaths being a statistic, but didn't say a thing about a trillion. Garcia doesn't care for casualties - it's all for the greater good! Sanchez finds his mind churning, his heart thumping, and tries to find ways to rationalise the slaughter as being bad because, because because - we can't work the fields! No more cocaine, no more fuel, no more army, no more Revolution. Garcia can see the strategic sense in retaining the operation of the coke fields. Yet Sanchez and Garcia tussle. Garcia says he's suspecting Sanchez of false loyalties.Chapter 6.Julia feels at her wits' end, she feels lost. Her trump card, going in with all guns blazing, worked on targets, worked in the Congo, didn't work here! Time to call in some help, do a bit of round-table stuff. She nips off to a private alcove, downs litres of gin, steadies her nerves, gets Adriana on the horn for a wee blurt and a chin-wag, then to plan. She brings in some EU chums. Think think. Hard power don't work. But soft power? A more subtle approach?A knock at the door. In bursts Danilo, most Park patrons, and the entire Park management. Management are tight-lipped, Danilo and chums are shitting bricks. They've just put plans in place for rationing what's left of their cocaine reserves, and are faced with the awful prospect of announcing this frugal pittance to the Park, and they are bloody scared.She and the rest of the meeting decide that a Soviet state needs Soviet extermination, and prepares a like response - glasnost! A hefty wodge of worldly info, about life outside the Republic's borders. Let all in the HSSR know what's really going on. It brought down Gorbachev, why not here? Now most hippos have only the dimmest awareness of even the outside world's existence. Julia and Park don't know that.How about a hefty dollop of Western culture? Blue jeans and rock and roll! And, best of all, porn! What better way to corrupt Communists than a good bit of Western decadence? Quite a few of the EU diplomats ringing Adriana have vivid emotional baggage concerning real Communists, especially '80s Eastern Europe occupation.Porn! Julia feels her spirits rise. You can bring down a target with a nice bit o' porno? I can't believe I've never thought of that! This could revolutionise hit jobs. The JFK assassination would have been very different...The chum squad continue. They provide grainy video showing Garcia standing atop a conical coke pile about twenty metres high, grinning and headlocking the exhumed corpse of Hugo Chavez. Elsewhere I'll talk about Garcia considering this stuff war spoils, of seizing the means of production from capitalist scum - of course the Park patrons think he's just stealing their happy dust and taunting their shortages. At last they have a single person to pin their frustrations on. Hippo lynchings?The chapter closes with the meeting beginning planning for The Ultimate Porn Film crossed with The Ultimate Capitalist Propaganda Film. At chapter close, list just enough detail to keep the reader titillated - we'll start into the serious detail in the description of the actual scene.Chapter 7.Garcia hops off another cocaine heap photo shoot, war propaganda you know, spread the news of war spoils to the grunts. He and Sanchez keep agitating amongst huge crowds of animals in the newly captured countries. Garcia is all too happy to show off and preen; Sanchez thinks it's a bit showy.Human oppression! Look at all this rainforest destroyed! These were your homes! Join our fight and get some vengeance! Why not destroy their own homes and convert them to ours? That's what they were doing with their own urban sprawl, transforming nature to suburbia. Let's knock down their skyscrapers and replace them with jungle canopy.Garcia mainly does this to further his long-term goal - outright African invasion, to liberate every hippo in the world, for about 99% of them are in Africa. He also considers an offshoot to stab north, over Cuba and into Texas, for the few tigers in the HSSR are damn fine fighters and groovy apex predators all round, and he's heard there are more tigers in Texan captivity than there are in the wild. Strike north?Sanchez's heart is heavy for his hippo cousins, trapped in Africa. How 'bout a wee subplot? An HSSR offshoot gathers steam as many bird species discover that not only are skyscrapers damn groovy eyries, but some cities contain vertical farms! Look at all this lush greenery! Of course Garcia glosses over the fact that a lot of the human-destroyed rainforest was to clear out new cocaine plantations, and also that plantation growth triples in any new place he captures.Ideals versus power, eh? Land of the free vs. Manifest destiny, sort of thing. At least a few of the brighter animals can understand the dilemma already. Sanchez and Maria try to join in, and after a few false starts, do.Refugee oceans lap at the HSSR's dykes, all species including humans, desperate, hungry, more weight on Sanchez's heartstrings. His administration works flat-out to simply house them, let alone put them to the right work. He's overworked.Various actual real Communists are taken prisoner also. Carlos the Jackal? He seems fun to lampoon and/or get an actual real depiction of. He could be someone to explain what Communism's actually supposed to be about. Sanchez is gaining hefty amounts of experience, and compares and contrasts. Besides, Mr. Jackal is Julia's mentor, and another nutjob to lampoon. Sanchez desires to learn from him.Garcia sees the incoming refugee oceans as conscriptable grist for waging war. Including marine species! Perfect for a marine assault on Park Privilege, the dark heart of Capitalist evil. His retinue consult all literature they can find on amphibious landings - operations Overlord, Downfall, whatever they can find, inspiration can be anywhere. Garcia will be merciless. Squiggly thinking: he attempts to win over any and all life, including the marine life surrounding Park Privilege's sea resorts. Upon awakening quite a few fish and interrogating them, it turns out the ecosystems there just love the Park - the Management are sure to keep the surrounding coastline sparkling clean for miles around, crammed with beautiful happy fish schools to delight bratty clients. Not like the bloody cities elsewhere along Africa's west coast, stinking pollution everywhere. Garcia encounters serious nonhuman opposition, decides that disloyal animals sucking from human teats must be purged, and does so. Overnight, happy sparkling fish schools off Park's coast vanish, abducted and replaced by rather nastier types. Awakened freshwater piranhas in scuba gear? They scout and sweep and prepare the grounds for Garcia's invasion, for when his troops hit the beaches. They don't think twice about chomping off a few Park patron legs. Panic rises across the Park, mood darkens, they feel doom is coming. Slowly and surely Garcia draws up his invasion plans against them.Chapter 8.We open on the start of the capitalist porn shoot. It's a great big scene - the best porn film ever meets the best capitalist propaganda film ever.Now it'll be pretty bloody obvious to any reader that this plan, played straight, will fail horribly. A capitalist porn film designed to convince HSSR citizenry of how flawed the HSSR is? Of course it'll fail. We want to give enough detail to what Sanchez sees that we can see exactly how it'll fail, in a very specific way, but then fails in another way that also seems obvious in hindsight. Super special awesome plot twist!Ideas: A rising tide lifting all boats, and that tide is sperm - or bikini-clad women fresh off shooting a Lynx commercial. Or muscly male models. Greed is good? A few references to (The wolf of) Wall St? Both films at once? How about a reference or two to Putin's topless photo shoot? Or quite literal money shots?Human actors dressed in hippo mechs, which are in turn dressed as Yalta Conference world leaders, all having a gay ol' gangbang. Love conquers all, as they say. And Julia insists on playing the role of Stalin.Hippo mechs need Sybian strap-ons.Parody the opening scene of Goldeneye, where Bond leaps from atop a gigantic hydro dam and plummets the best part of a mile straight down on a bungy cord. How about porn stars do the same thing with anal beads stored in their recta? Many were drug mules in the past, and from many years' experience ferrying the stuff, are as capacious as station wagons.Skim rather more deeply about aspects of the capitalist porn shoot here, maybe delve more thoroughly into one of the movie's own subplots, but as yet, don't give away the overarching plot of the whole thing. Save that for when Sanchez and pals watch it. We can reveal both plot and reaction.The world's finest porn stars congregate at the Park - many are in fact Park clients and already on the premises - many non-porn-star clients are already on first-name terms with their favourite stars also - and both clients and diplomats throw huge amounts of emergency money at making the World's Best Porno Evar. They want serious results.After a day of shooting, Julia realises, shit, these are humans, making human porn, we want porn catered to hippos. How best to do that? Two factions emerge - one recommends human porn stars in hippo suits, the other wants to restart shooting, with actual hippos.So clumsy patrons squander quite a bit of the Park's meagre cocaine reserves as they try force-feed the stuff to the normal hippos nearby, and surprise surprise, conventional cocaine doesn't do much to them at all. Then one of the wealthier patrons accidentally feeds some of their extra-secret Good Stuff to a hippo, and bam, success! Unbeknownst to the porn producers, the surrounding titillations you find on most porn sets, during the 20-30 seconds of hippo awakening, goes right to its head, and it becomes the suavest, most debonair erotica enthusiast in existence, shunning this shallow crap being filmed around it. It yearns for and savours human versions of high-quality, tasteful erotica. And panda porn! That's a real thing - the producers brought in any bit of inspiration they could find. Julia thusly and mistakenly believes that all hippos are therefore giga-strumpets at heart, just like her, and finds herself really drawn to them.An aside - the Park patrons loving the fuck-off Fuck-Off propulsion get it working on the Park's own airship, works a treat, they start building more. Lots of airships.Chapter 9.The airdrop itself, hitting Garcia's invasion army. Julia's porno-drop campaign goes horribly wrong. The HSSR air force sees her squadrons coming. A thousand condors throw frozen chickens into her plane's jet intakes - they'd watched Eddie Izzard's routine about birdstrike and thought he's just the greatest and also wanted to emulate it - and down she goes. Into the red heart of the HSSR.The plane explodes and showers hippo porn over a huge radius. Being brought up as they have on a diet of nothing but Communist propaganda, or what they think is Communist propaganda (now we can start taking into account the mansion boss's porn stash that got mixed in with the real Commie prop), every Communist's psyche is a combination of whatever instincts are possessed by the species of the individual in question, plus a thick intellectual layer of whatever Communist propaganda they got exposed to during their awakening. Porn therefore titillates them only if it scores a hit on either. The porn being dropped on them now, mostly done by hippos who are mimicking human high-class erotic tastes, appeals to almost no-one here. Everyone thinks it's just bourgeoisie decadence, and fires them up for the invasion still further.Particularly seeing Julia's Hippo Stalin. Garcia starts literally foaming at the mouth. Maybe Sanchez could fall in love with her?Garcia decides that Julia is the core of the entire capitalism curse - and the HSSR's ultimate victory will involve snuffing her out. That's his plot arc. Up 'til now, the HSSR was fighting against what it thinks to be capitalism in general - now it's after Julia in particular. Now, as they say, it's personal!By now Sanchez is feeling utterly disillusioned with the HSSR's version of Communism. He talks to other animals, gets a groundswell of support. Buoyed, he confronts Garcia about it, about the results of Jackal's conversation. Garcia does not take it well, thundering about betrayal and insurrection and rot from within, and precious bodily fluids.At some point it'd be cool to make the obvious allegory between Awakening exposure and education/ideology in general, mainly from Julia's point of view, regarding Park patrons whining about cocaine and Communism and money, and also her too.Julia crashes her plane into the Brazilian Amazon jungle, in full capital porn costume - first disguised as a standard hippo, which is then made up to look like a human slutty Stalin. Her plane faceplants near an HSSR Espionage centre, full of nerds who think up spying programs, and they are only vaguely aware of the African invasion, and not at all aware of Julia's recently released porn film. They genuinely think she's Stalin, for like all other HSSR hippos, genuinely think Stalin's a hippo, and behave like it's the second coming of Christ. She's in and out and sporting disguise 3 atop the first two before they think to question the fishnet tights. Disguise 3: how about Hippo elder robes? Ambrosia dispensaries? J could have a wee dram herself, see what it's like.Now. How many acts? We've got Act 1 - setting up the premise, cocaine hippos, Park Privilege, all that jazz. I'm writing up Act 2 now - the first attempt to bring down the HSSR with the Best Porno Evar. Act 3? 4? I'm liking the idea of Julia sneaking her way into the invasion fleet.Garcia fumes and rages. "I want her ALIVE," he thunders at his armies, now all taking off and going airborne, to cross the Atlantic and hit Kenya.Flagship bridge. Sanchez and Jackal are cooped up in cages, swinging from the ceiling. "Sir," says a navigator, "they've got any number of airships - all we know is, the Temptress is somewhere in Kenya.""Find her, find her!" booms Garcia. "I care not for the other ships, kill all aboard, but send out scouts, find her out, capture the ship, then capture her, burn the rest!""The Temptress?" asks Jackal. "Sounds ... familiar!" Flesh this out more later.Julia is listening in on all of this. And there's my old sensei! Quick, get a line back to Adriana and His Halitosisness - Garcia won't shoot to kill, not immediately, if he thinks I'm aboard!She's got a few HD spy cameras with her and chats with Adriana. Yes, A agrees - we need video feeds showing you on every single one of our own airships - but how? You're inside a hippo costume inside a slutty Stalin costume inside a Hippo elder Ambrosia costumeI've got it, finger-snaps J - no time for detailed plans, must improvise on the fly - she's deep in the bowels of, basically, a big HSSR Kirov Airship, near Engineering - ensures no-one's around, opens the hippo mouth on costume 1, snaps up a big computer monitor and some lighting gear, then tramps over to an air hose, pulls it inside, clanks the hippo mouth closed (it's robotic) - and the entire thing inflates to a small room, expanding multiple costume layers, high air pressure inside. Her hippo is now rather pot-bellied. Oops, she thinks, I'm not that fat or pregnant, not ideal but can't be helped.In a trice Julia's set up her own mini TV studio in its stomach. It's mobile too! She asks Adriana for video background scenes on the Park airships, displays those, then via Adriana, asks the nearest Park airship captain for permission to use his airship's main viewer. At the same time she pilots her own hippo disguise, dressed up as a caricature of her, up to the airship's main bridge, to cheerlead Garcia on.The plan is: we keep switching video feed backgrounds from one bridge to another to another, to make Garcia and the entire HSSR believe there's an entire clone army of Julias, Julias everywhere. At the same time, Julia needs to pilot her own me-hippo-robot on Garcia's main battle bridge, egging him on, keeping him angry and therefore a bit clumsy, for long enough for him to not notice the Park's own mercenary airship armies pulling alongside by the cunning means of Hump Power.Julia appears on Garcia's main viewscreen, all tarted up from what she could scrounge from her hippo mech's innards. Both Sanchez and Jackal give cries of recognition. Her! My temptress! My protégé! It's her!You can't see Julia's feet. She's operating the controls of her own hippo mech with her feet, and the mech itself, disguised as a caricature of her, is fist-pumping on the bridge directly beneath their cages, much like a football mascot. Behind her, in her impromptu stomach studio, flickers a Kenyan sky, plus various bridge paraphernalia and personnel."Mr. Garcia!" she grins. "Hi!""YOU." He snarls. "The Temptress herself has made an appearance.  You, the corruptor of our youth-" he points at Sanchez "-look what you've done to him!"Sanchez glares at Julia's Julia caricature under his cage. "Look what you've done to her!" he shouts back. "Making her look obese, just for your pleasure?""Shut it, you, you-" Garcia thinks for a sec. As an aside, "Actually, why is our clown so fat?" he says to an attendant. It shrugs. "Ask him, and find out." Ms. Attendant nods and walks towards Julia. "You there!" she begins.Julia herself, hearing all this both through the stomach walls, and via the main screen microphone in the course of her duties as Park airship spokeswoman, thinks furiously. Distract that attendant - and aah, that belly looks even worse from the outside, she decides. No hippo looks like that! "You dickhead!" she shouts. "Capitalist faker!" Gasps across the airship, Ms. Attendant wheels and glares. "Do I rub your faker's potbelly and say ooo what a good doggy, do I? Huh? You- oo, not a bad idea," and via whispering into earbud, cooperating with bridge officer on the TV at the back of her tummy studio and apparently standing right behind her, makes it look like he's whispering in her ear and she's nodding. "Right - yes. Good idea. All right smartass, we're making one of you, see how you like it!"Garcia yawns. "I do not give a flying shit what you do. I will have you alive, and now I know your location. Helmsman, destroy the other ships!" A tiger spraypainted in realistic tiger-pattern-yet-red-and-yellow stripes, nods and grins and starts roaring the relevant orders down a pneumatic tube to the hypersonic seagull kinetic weapons banks in the forecastle.Shit shit shit switch screens switch crews hurry hurry - within seconds Adriana's finger-dancing makes Garcia's feed flicker to apparently a very different ship background, with Julia dressed in a navy officer's suit. And looking very sweaty. "'Sup! You threatening my twin?""Tw- twin?" Garcia's jaw drops. "Helmsman, belay that - twin? What?""Yeah! You don't think I'm working alone, do you? There are thousands of me!"Sanchez and Jackal shout in surprise. "Thousands!" Jackal shouts. "Darlin'! How?""All in good time, dear!" J shouts back, chuckling. "I - we - will explain later...""Thousands. Good grief. Thousands." Garcia pinches the bridge of his nose. "You're everywhere."Damn right." Whisper whisper "Ade, babe, quick!" -flicker- "I'm commanding even the least of our ships" -flicker- "and on the ground" -flicker- "and everywhere else you can imagine."Through her earbud, "Keep him talking, keep him talking, Jules!" says Adriana. "We're getting ships within strike range...""I'm even-" wait, what's that prodding my head? Turns out it's the side of the studio bending inward and shoving the TV around - why - aargh, that attendant!"You all right?" she says. "You're just standing there, you must be feeling a bit surplus to requirements..." Shit! Um - quick, respond or my cover is blown -It's not lost on Garcia that the back of Julia's universe is apparently bending forward. I smell a rat, surely he must be thinking.With her toes, she operates the hippo controls, hissing inaudibly through the earbud mike to address Ms. Attendant."Go away."She looks hurt. "Well if that's your attitude."Climax. Julia has a gigantic duel with Garcia, who's founded large scientific labs to research coke variants that produce Asterix-level strength increases. Let's have some sort of narrative gap in which Julia's used about 20 more concentric disguises to sneak through Garcia's top grass (geddit? Grass 'cause that's what they eat and treasure the most?) bodyguard. By the time she gets to him, she's the size of a bouncy castle, the second-to-last disguise is Jabba the Hutt. Other layers? We can make earlier lampshading to make deeper layers plausible - a Schwarzenegger layer, to connect with the sturdier musclehead goons guarding this compound; a Lamborghini Countach layer, to connect with the HSSR hoi polloi swarming in invasion preparation (for general Western culture has begun filtering through them, they find it rather groovy, but it takes bloody ages to get to them - it's stuff from a generation ago); that tennis player scratching her ass (same reason); liquid hot magma (who's going to stop a volcano?); and creamy nougat. The topmost layer is in fact an inflatable caricature of her, which the HSSR is using in its pre-invade-pep-up parades for propaganda purposes. Julia's nicked it. If you see someone in one of those floppy rubber politician Halloween masks, who'd suspect that same politician is beneath it? Julia therefore gets to roam the premises at 10x resolution.Plot ending: Sanchez ends up more or less in charge of the HSSR, which expands its ranks to include anyone who's sentient or wants to be, including humans. Its borders coincide with the old Gran Colombian borders.